Delta SkyMiles® Platinum Business Card  Benefits & DetailsTravel & Transportation perks and added protection when you're doing business on the road
Status Boost‡With Status Boost, get closer to Medallion Status by earning 10,000 Medallion Qualification Miles (MQMs) after you spend $25,000 in purchases on your Card in a calendar year, up to two times per year.
MQMs are used to determine Medallion Status and are different from the miles you earn towards flights.‡Main Cabin 1 Priority Boarding‡Enjoy early boarding on Delta flights as a benefit of Card Membership.
You can board your flight when Main Cabin 1 priority boarding is called, so that you find room for your carry-on bag and settle into your seat sooner.First Checked Bag FreeYou can check your first bag for free and save up to $60 on a round-trip Delta flight.‡Companion Certificate‡Receive a Domestic Main Cabin round-trip companion certificate each year upon renewal of your Card.*‡*Payment of the government imposed taxes and fees of no more than $75 for roundtrip domestic flights (for itineraries with up to four flight segments) is required.
Baggage charges and other restrictions apply.
See terms and conditions for details.In-Flight SavingsReceive a 20% savings in the form of a statement credit on all eligible in-flight purchases of food, beverages, and audio headsets when you use your Card.
Some in-flight purchases do not qualify.‡No Foreign Transaction FeesThere are no foreign transaction fees with your Delta SkyMiles® Platinum Business Card.‡¤Delta Sky Club Per-Visit Rate‡You and up to two traveling companions can enjoy complimentary snacks and beverages, Wi-Fi access, Satellite TV, newspapers and magazines, personalized flight assistance, private restrooms and more for an exclusive per-visit rate of $39 per person when traveling Delta.‡Fee Credit for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® ‡Receive either a $100 statement credit for Global Entry or an $85 credit for TSA Pre✓®.
TSA Pre✓® can expedite security screening and Global Entry can reduce wait time at U.S.
Customs at select airports.
If you are approved for Global Entry, you will also receive access to TSA Pre✓®.
Only one credit will be given in a 4 year period for Global Entry or in a 4.5 year period for TSA Pre✓®, depending on whichever application fee is charged to your Card first.Trip Delay InsuranceIf a round-trip is paid for entirely with your eligible Card on or after January 1, 2020, and a covered reason delays your trip more than 12 hours, Trip Delay Insurance‡ can help reimburse your additional expenses up to $300 per trip, maximum 2 claims per purchased on the same eligible Card per 12 consecutive month period.
Terms, conditions and limitations apply.Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎Travel more comfortably knowing you can be covered by the Baggage Insurance Plan for eligible lost, damaged, or stolen baggage when you purchase the entire fare for a Common Carrier ticket (e.g.
plane, train, ship, or bus) on your eligible Card.
Coverage can be provided for up to $1,250 for carry-on baggage and up to $500 for checked baggage.
For New York State residents, there is a $10,000 aggregate maximum limit for all Covered Persons per Covered Trip.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, you can be covered if your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen when you use your eligible Card to reserve and pay for the entire eligible vehicle rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the rental car counter.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.
Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered.
Coverage is not available in Australia, Italy, and New Zealand.
This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Customer Service and 24/7 support, whenever you need us
Global Assist® Hotline‡When you travel more than 100 miles from home, you have 24/7 access to medical, legal, financial or other select emergency coordination and assistance services, including medical and legal referrals, assistance with cash wires, passport replacement, missing luggage and more.
Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.Relationship Care® ServiceGet around-the-clock world-class customer support from our special brand of Relationship Care® service.
Simply call the number on the back of your Card to speak to one of our Customer Care Professionals who are specially trained to understand the needs of small business owners and can provide you with business-savvy support.
We are committed to serving your unique needs and helping you unlock the power of your Card.Expense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses
Employee CardsGet more out of your Business Card with Employee Cards.
Stay on top of employees business expenses while earning miles.‡ Account ManagerWhen you designate an Account Manager, you can allow trusted individuals - like an assistant or business partner - to access and manage your Business Card account.
So you can trust your Account Manager to get the work done when you can't be there.‡American Express® Business AppSimplify the way you and your employees manage Business Card receipts with the American Express® Business App.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help you avoid late payments, notify you of irregular spending, and monitor Employee Card use.Year-End SummaryAt the end of the calendar year, see a complete summary that categorizes your spending by month and purchase type, and helps you track your business expenses down to the last detail.‡Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.American Express® AppEasily manage your account, pay your bill, check your balance, view your benefits and more from your mobile phone or tablet.‡Vendor Pay by Bill.com‡You can make the most out of paying your business bills.
Improve your cash flow and take advantage of Card benefits when you use your Card to pay bills with Vendor Pay by Bill.com.Take advantage of Vendor Pay by Bill.com by enrolling your Card.
With the Basic plan, there is no monthly fee for the first user.
Additional fees may apply based on plan type and number of users.‡Even More Benefits for Card Members
Extended Warranty♦︎When you use your American Express® Card for eligible purchases, you can get up to one extra year added to the original manufacturer's warranty.
Applies to warranties of 5 years or less.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Purchase Protection♦︎When something you buy breaks or is stolen, Purchase Protection♦︎ can have you covered.
Use your Card for eligible purchases, and your purchases can be protected from accidental damage or theft for up to 90 days from the moment you buy them.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Dispute ResolutionWe will work with you to help resolve the issues if there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding.
With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone.
Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.