Business Green Rewards Card  Benefits & DetailsExpense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses
Employee CardsThere is $0 annual fee for each additional Employee Business Green Rewards Card.
Plus, every Card can get Membership Rewards® points on purchases your employees make.‡Account ManagerWhen you designate an Account Manager, you can allow trusted individuals - like an assistant or business partner - to access and manage your American Express Business Card account.
So you can trust your Account Manager to get the work done when you can't be there.‡American Express® Business AppSimplify the way you and your employees manage Business Card receipts with the American Express® Business App.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help you avoid late payments, notify you of irregular activity, and monitor Employee Card spending.Year-End SummaryAt the end of the year, see a complete summary that categorizes your spend by month and purchase type, and helps you track your business expenses down to the last detail.‡Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports and budget your expenses.American Express® App Track spending and rewards, find offers, make a payment, and get important account alerts in real-time with the American Express® App.‡Vendor Pay by Bill.com‡You can make the most out of paying your business bills.
Improve your cash flow and take advantage of Card benefits when you use your Card to pay bills with Vendor Pay by Bill.com.Take advantage of Vendor Pay by Bill.com by enrolling your Card.
With the Basic plan, there is no monthly fee for the first user.
Additional fees may apply based on plan type and number of users.Travel & Transportation perks and protection when you're doing business on the road
Membership Rewards® Pay With PointsYou can use Membership Rewards® points for all or part of your flight, hotel booked and paid in advance, and vacation or cruise amextravel.com‡Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, you can be covered if your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen when you use your eligible Card to reserve and pay for the entire eligible vehicle rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the rental car counter.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.
Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered.
Coverage is not available in Australia, Italy, and New Zealand.
This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎Travel more comfortably knowing you can be covered by the Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎ for eligible lost, damaged, or stolen baggage when you purchase the entire fare for a Common Carrier ticket (e.g.
plane, train, ship, or bus) on your eligible Card.
Coverage can be provided for up to $1,250 for carry-on baggage and up to $500 for checked baggage.
For New York State residents, there is a $10,000 aggregate maximum limit for all Covered Persons per Covered Trip.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Global Assist® Hotline‡Whenever you travel more than 100 miles from home, you may be eligible for 24/7 emergency assistance and coordination services , including medical, legal, and passport referrals, emergency cash wires, and missing luggage assistance.
Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.
Other terms and conditions apply.‡Even More Benefits for Card Members
Dispute ResolutionIf there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement, American Express will work with you to help resolve the issue.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding.
With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone.
Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.