Blue Business® Plus Credit Card  Benefits & DetailsExpense Management Tools to help you track and organize business expenses
Employee CardsThere is no annual fee for additional Employee Blue Business® Plus Credit Cards.
Plus, When you add an Additional Employee Card Member to your account, you earn Membership Rewards® points on their eligible purchases in addition to the points you earn on your own Card.‡Account ManagerWhen you designate an Account Manager, you can allow trusted individuals - like an assistant or business partner - to access and manage your Business Card account.
So you can trust your Account Manager to get the work done when you can't be there.‡American Express® Business AppSimplify the way you and your employees manage Business Card receipts with the American Express® Business App.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help you avoid late payments, spot you of irregular activity, and monitor Employee Card spending.Year-End SummaryAt the start of each year, we provide access to a Year-End Summary of charges so you can review your annual spending.
Log into your American Express online account to view an interactive overview of your spending in pie or bar charts, organized by categories like travel and restaurants.
You can also download or print your information to help prepare for your taxes and manage your spending.‡Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.American Express® AppTrack spending and rewards, find offers, make a payment, and get important account alerts in real-time with the American Express® App.‡Vendor Pay by Bill.com‡You can make the most out of paying your business bills.
Improve your cash flow and take advantage of Card benefits when you use your Card to pay bills with Vendor Pay by Bill.com.Take advantage of Vendor Pay by Bill.com by enrolling your Card.
With the Basic plan, there is no monthly fee for the first user.
Additional fees may apply based on plan type and number of users.Customer Service and 24/7 support, whenever you need us
Relationship Care® ServiceGet round the clock, world-class customer support from our special brand of Relationship Care® service.
Simply call the number on the back of your Card to speak to one of our Customer Care Professionals who are specially trained to understand the needs of small business owners and can provide you with business-savvy support.
We are committed to serving your unique needs and helping you unlock the power of your Card.Global Assist® Hotline‡When you travel more than 100 miles from home, you have 24/7 access to medical, legal, financial or other select emergency coordination and assistance services, including medical and legal referrals, assistance with cash wires, passport replacement, missing luggage and more.
Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, you can be covered if your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen when you use your eligible Card to reserve and pay for the entire eligible vehicle rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the rental car counter.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.
Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered.
Coverage is not available in Australia, Italy, and New Zealand.
This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Even More Benefits for Card Members
Dispute ResolutionIf there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement, American Express will work with you to help resolve the issue.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding.
With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone.
Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.