Marriott Bonvoy BusinessTM American Express® Card  Benefits & DetailsTravel & Transportation perks and protection when you're doing business on the road
Redeem for Free NightsEarn free nights at over 6,900 participating Marriott Bonvoy hotels.
Some hotels and resorts may have mandatory service charges.‡Marriott Bonvoy Air+Car Transfer ProgramRedeem Marriott Bonvoy points for flights on over 300 airlines with Air+Car.
Transfer points to over 40 airline frequent flyer programs, mostly at a ratio of three points to one mile.‡ Receive a 5,000 mile bonus when you transfer 60,000 points to a participating frequent flyer program.‡Complimentary Silver Elite StatusEnjoy complimentary Marriott Bonvoy Silver Elite status with your Card.‡ Plus, spend $35,000 on eligible purchases on your Card in a calendar year and earn an upgrade to Marriott Bonvoy Gold Elite status through the end of the next calendar year.‡Free Night AwardsReceive 1 Free Night Award every year after your Card account anniversary.
Plus, earn an additional Free Night Award after you spend $60K in purchases on your Card in a calendar year.
Awards can be used for one night (redemption level at or under 35,000 Marriott Bonvoy points) at a participating hotel.
Certain hotels have resort fees.‡Premium On-property Internet AccessEnjoy complimentary in-room, premium Internet access while staying at participating Marriott Bonvoy hotels.‡ Booking requirements apply for in-room Internet access.Elite Night CreditEach calendar year you can receive credit for 15 nights towards the next level of Marriott Bonvoy Elite status.
Limit one 15 Elite Night Credit per Marriott Bonvoy member.
Benefit is not exclusive to Cards offered by American Express.
Terms apply.‡No Foreign Transaction FeesMarriott Bonvoy Card Members enjoy international travel without foreign transaction fees from American Express when using their Card on purchases abroad.‡¤Customer Service and 24/7 support, whenever you need us
Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎Travel more comfortably knowing you can be covered by the Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎ for eligible lost, damaged, or stolen baggage when you purchase the entire fare for a Common Carrier ticket (e.g.
plane, train, ship, or bus) on your eligible Card.
Coverage can be provided for up to $1,250 for carry-on baggage and up to $500 for checked baggage.
For New York State residents, there is a $10,000 aggregate maximum limit for all Covered Persons per Covered Trip.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Global Assist® Hotline‡When you travel more than 100 miles from home, you have 24/7 access to medical, legal, financial or other select emergency coordination and assistance services, including medical and legal referrals, assistance with cash wires, passport replacement, missing luggage and more.
Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, you can be covered if your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen when you use your eligible Card to reserve and pay for the entire eligible vehicle rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the rental car counter.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.
Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered.
Coverage is not available in Australia, Italy, and New Zealand.
This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Expense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses
Employee CardsAdd Employee Cards to earn rewards‡ on employee purchases and stay on top of expenses with spending limits‡, alerts, and summary reports.
The Marriot Bonvoy BusinessTM Card offers an Employee Card option with no annual fee.Account ManagerWhen you designate an Account Manager, you can allow trusted individuals - like an assistant or business partner - to access and manage your Business Card account.
So you can trust your Account Manager to get the work done when you can't be there.‡American Express® Business AppSimplify the way you and your employees manage Business Card receipts with the American Express® Business App.‡Account AlertsAmerican Express Business Card Members can set Account Alerts to help avoid late payments, spot irregular spending, and monitor Employee Card use.Year-End SummaryAt the start of each year, we provide access to a Year-End Summary of charges so you can review your annual spending.
Log into your American Express online account to view an interactive overview of your spending in pie or bar charts, organized by categories like travel and restaurants.
You can also download your information to print or save for a later date in PDF or Excel to help prepare for your taxes and manage your spending.‡Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.American Express® AppTrack spending and rewards, find offers, make a payment, and get important account alerts in real-time with the American Express® App.‡Vendor Pay by Bill.com‡You can make the most out of paying your business bills.
Improve your cash flow and take advantage of Card benefits when you use your Card to pay bills with Vendor Pay by Bill.com.Take advantage of Vendor Pay by Bill.com by enrolling your Card.
With the Basic plan, there is no monthly fee for the first user.
Additional fees may apply based on plan type and number of users.Even More Benefits for Card Members
Dispute ResolutionIf there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement, American Express will work with you to help resolve the issue.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding.
With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone.
Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.