Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGE
SAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases16.74, 19.74 or 21.74%, based on your
 creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening
. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Tra
nsfers16.74, 19.74 or  21.74% APR on balance transfers requested within 60 days 
of account opening based on your creditworthiness and other factors.This APR wil
l vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%This A
PR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When it App
lies29.99%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR ma
y be applied to new transactions on your account if:1) you make one or more late
 payments; or2) your payment is returned by your bankWe may also consider your c
reditworthiness in determining whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your A
ccount.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it wi
ll apply for at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the 
Penalty APR is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you h
ave made timely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being re
viewed.Paying InterestYour due date is at least 25 days after the close of each 
billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each mon
th your entire balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted
 for plans) by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances an
d balance transfers on the transaction date.Plan Fee  (Fixed Finance Charge) Up 
to 0.98% of each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR 
that would otherwise apply to the purchase and other factors.For Credit Card Tip
s from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to co
nsider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consum
er Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmoreFeesAn
nual Membership Fee$0Transaction Fees Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amo
unt of each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $5 or 3% of the am
ount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction2.7% of each 
transaction after conversion to US dollars.Penalty Fees Late PaymentUp to $38Ret
urned PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneHow We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a 
method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."Loss of Introduc
tory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you do n
ot pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Payment Due Dat
e. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%. Variable APRs for each billi
ng period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on th
e Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not publish th
e Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the pr
evious day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will inc
rease. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment
 Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take e
ffect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as o
f 03/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement.By submit
ting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in your name and
 to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may apply
 for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.You promise that the in
formation you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verif
y this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You a
uthorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have abo
ut you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law
. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the n
ame and address of the agency that provided it. When you use your Account (or si
gn or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that w
ill be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provi
sion, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the account hea
rd in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or simil
ar proceeding.  We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable la
w. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive environment
. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you
 in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certai
n terms during the first year of your Card Membership. Additional Cards: Additio
nal Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subj
ect to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsible for all use o
f your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Acco
unt. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional
 Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with them. Patrio
t Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify 
and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, includi
ng your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to
 verify your identity. Balance Transfers: Only balance transfers from accounts i
n your name requested within 60 days from the date of account opening will be ap
proved. We will charge your Card account for the total approved amount of all ba
lance transfers. No transfer will be processed if: (1) any requested transfer is
 less than $100; (2) the total amount of all requested transfers exceeds the les
ser of $7,500 or 75% of your credit limit; or (3) charging the requested transfe
rs to your Card account would cause your total account balance to exceed your cr
edit limit. We will not initiate any balance transfer until at least ten days af
ter we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card Member Agreement to you. In so
me cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a balance transfer. Please be 
sure to make all required payments on any account from which you are transferrin
g a balance until the balance transfer is credited to that account. You authoriz
e us to verify the balance of such accounts. You may not transfer balances from 
any account issued by American Express or any of its affiliates. Additional Card
 Members may not request or authorize balance transfers. Your balance transfer r
equest may be declined if any of your American Express accounts are not in good 
standing. Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marital pro
perty agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital
 Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to the t
ime credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement or dec
ree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree.  New York Re
sidents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financi
al Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparativ
e credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Department of Finan
cial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govNotice to California Residents: An
 Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.Cash advance at ATMs: W
e may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash adv
ances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by conta
cting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.Notice to Delaware Resid
ents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on
 the outstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Servi
ce charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outsta
nding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment du
e, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents:
 The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equ
ally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencie
s maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio c
ivil rights commission administers compliance with this law.Blue from American E
xpress® is issued by an American Express bank. ©2018 American Express. All right
s reserved.POID CF2N:0001BENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and services are su
bject to change or cancellation.Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least
 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.America
n Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exc
lusively to all American Express® Card Members(including Prepaid and Internation
al Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Pr
epaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject
 to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sale
s final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time a
t the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to 
Card Members with disabilities.Amex Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app featu
res are available only for eligible Card accounts in the United States. American
 Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not
 eligible.To log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and pass
word or create one in the app.Amex Mobile appiOS and Android only. See app store
 listings for operating system infoDestination FamilyValid for new bookings made
 through American Express Travel and eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies
 with participating travel providers: Abercrombie &amp; Kent, Royal Caribbean In
ternational, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Benefit varies b
y provider. Payment must be made with an American Express Card. Program benefits
 may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card
 Member must travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit package per booking. 
May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates apply and
 benefits are subject to change. Benefits listed are non- transferable, subject 
to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. Available to all U.S
. American Express Corporate, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.Dispute Resolutio
nNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.Entertainment Access®O
ffer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are avai
lable exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and I
nternational Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (in
cluding Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer 
is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply
. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at 
any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be acce
ssible to Card Members with disabilities.Extra Membership Rewards® points at ame
xtravel.com2x PointsMembership Rewards-enrolled Card Members get at least 1 Memb
ership Rewards® point for every eligible dollar spent on their Membership Reward
s program-enrolled American Express® Card. Those same Card Members will also get
 at least 1 additional point for each dollar of eligible travel purchases made o
n amextravel.com on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express C
ard. Eligible travel purchases include all travel purchases made with your Membe
rship Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card on amextravel.com, includi
ng air, prepaid hotels, vacation packages (flight + hotel packages) or cruise re
servations, minus returns and other credits. Platinum and Business Platinum Card
 Members are only eligible for 1 additional point on cruise reservations. Eligib
le travel purchases do NOT include car reservations, non-prepaid hotels, ticketi
ng service or other fees, or interest charges. Bonuses you may receive with your
 Card on other purchase categories or in connection with promotions or offers fr
om American Express may not be combined with this offer, such as 5X bonuses for 
Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members. Any portion of a charge that you el
ect to cover through redemption of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to 
receive points. If you have an Amex EveryDay Card product, additional points awa
rded under this offer will not be included in the extra points benefit. Addition
al points will be credited to the Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after f
inal payment is made.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordina
tion and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American E
xpress, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party servic
e providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Inst
ant Card NumberInstant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instan
tly validate your identity. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you wil
l receive an instant account number that you can use virtually anywhere American
 Express is accepted and a physical card will not be required. You may not have 
access to your full credit line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after
 you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 busine
ss days of account approval.Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying
 prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same h
otel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower pri
ce online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim mu
st be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Rat
e Guaranteed" policy applies only to online rates available to the general publi
c and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general publ
ic, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention
, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel roo
ms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon 
promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms b
ooked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel unti
l your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusiv
e packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, me
als, or entertainment, and (4) rates booked through the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORT
S program. DetailsMembership Rewards® Pay With PointsTo use Pay with Points, you
 must charge your eligible purchase through American Express Travel or through a
 Pay with Points authorized travel agency to a Membership Rewards® program-enrol
led American Express® Card. Eligible purchases through American Express Travel o
r through a Pay with Points authorized Travel agency exclude car reservations an
d non-prepaid hotels. Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards accoun
t, and credit for corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Exp
ress Card account used. If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balan
ce of purchase price will remain on the American Express Card account. Minimum r
edemption 5,000 points.See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Reward
s program terms and conditions.If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay O
ver Time feature balance on your Linked Account (for example, the Extended Payme
nt Option), the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied 
to that Pay Over Time feature balance. Instead the statement credit may be appli
ed to your Pay in Full balance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact
 us by calling the number on the back of your Card.Membership Rewards® Pay With 
PointsTo use Pay with Points, you must charge your eligible purchase through Ame
rican Express Travel to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express®
 Card. Eligible purchases exclude car reservations and non-prepaid hotels. Point
s will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for correspon
ding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card account used. If 
points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price will r
emain on the American Express Card account. Minimum redemption 5,000 points. See
 membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and condit
ions.Membership Rewards® ProgramTerms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards®
 program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms or call 1-800-AXP-EARN (297-32
76) for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subje
ct to change without notice. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and serv
ices minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or 
interest charges, purchases of travelers checks, purchase or reloading of prepai
d cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictio
ns apply. The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you cho
ose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.Retur
n ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged en
tirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days fro
m purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member ac
count per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling cos
ts for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the 
original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from 
which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for ref
und, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. 
Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States
 of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Ame
rican Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and N
orthern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, i
n which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is 
subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms
 and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.Roadside Assistance HotlineRoad
side Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow operat
or or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistance H
otline is available at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charged for
 any services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the follo
wing services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member 
has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up 
to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling within the 50 United
 States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islan
ds and only when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This product 
does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlic
ensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other 
important exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordination an
d assistance services in case of inclement weather or on roadways which restrict
 access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for veh
icles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions a
nd exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americane
xpress.com/RAterms.ShopRunnerShopRunner Benefit Terms and Conditions Enrolling i
n the Benefit. To get the free ShopRunner membership benefit compliments of Amer
ican Express (the "benefit"), you must go to www.shoprunner.com/americanexpress 
and verify your eligibility for the benefit with an eligible Card account number
 and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner membership account ("ShopRunner 
account"). For details on how the ShopRunner membership works, please see the Sh
opRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/ which gove
rn the use of your ShopRunner membership benefit. You may also be able to enroll
 in this benefit through access provided to ShopRunner at participating online s
tores or through an email provided by American Express if it has determined that
 you have an eligible Card. An "eligible Card" means an American Express U.S. Co
nsumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card that is not cancelled and that is
 issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Prepaid Cards a
nd products, American Express Corporate Cards and American Express-branded Cards
 or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible. Sho
pRunner will verify with American Express the eligibility of your Credit or Char
ge Card account number for the benefit. Maintaining the Benefit. To maintain thi
s benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must maintain an eligible Card. The be
nefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner account if you do not have an eligible
 Card. You can maintain only one benefit per eligible Card. During your enrollme
nt in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Express will verify your benefit elig
ibility. Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Memberships. If you enroll in the bene
fit and sign up with an existing ShopRunner account, ShopRunner will cancel the 
term of your existing ShopRunner account. If you paid a fee for any unused porti
on of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRunner will provide you with a pro r
ata refund for that portion in accordance with ShopRunner's refund policy. The r
efund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after enrollment and will be issued to 
the payment method you used to pay the fee. If a portion of the cancelled term o
f membership was promotional or free, the free period will be cancelled by ShopR
unner and forfeited by you. If you currently have a free or promotional membersh
ip on your ShopRunner account, you should consider whether to enroll in the bene
fit at this time.General Terms. An eligible Card can be used to verify eligibili
ty for only one benefit enrollment. American Express may receive and use your pe
rsonal data from ShopRunner, which may include personally identifiable informati
on and Credit Card information, to determine eligibility and further develop fea
tures and services related to the benefit. American Express may send you emails 
regarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any information American Express coll
ects from you or from ShopRunner shall be governed by the American Express Onlin
e Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpress.com/privacy). American Express 
may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminate this benefit at any time. You c
an review these Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting https://www.shoprun
ner.com/terms/amex/.The American Express Auto Purchasing Program DisclosureFor a
 Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that a Certifi
ed Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP on any in-stock vehicle tha
t is the same make, model, and trim as your Configured Vehicle. The Guaranteed S
avings for your Configured Vehicle is based on a vehicle without factory or deal
er installed options and includes generally available manufacturer incentives. F
or an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that the Ce
rtified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP of the vehicle with th
e specific VIN listed and includes savings on factory-installed options. If you 
change your vehicle or the optional features, it will change your savings. For f
ull Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.Using Points for ChargesUs
ing Points for Your Charges is only available to Basic Consumer and OPEN Card Me
mbers enrolled in the U.S. Membership Rewards® program. Additional Card Members,
 Authorized Additional Card Members, and Corporate Card Members are not eligible
. Account managers and Rewards managers may be eligible to use points by calling
 the number on the back of your Card but are not eligible to use points online. 
All Linked Card Accounts must not be canceled, past due or have a returned payme
nt outstanding. A minimum of 1,000 Membership Rewards points in your program Acc
ount is required and you may use Membership Rewards points only toward the entir
e amount of an eligible charge. American Express will present the eligible charg
es you can use points towards, and we may change which charges are eligible at a
ny time without notice. American Express is under no obligation to make charges 
available for redemption using Membership Rewards points. For each transaction, 
points will be debited immediately from your Membership Rewards program Account 
and a credit will be issued to your Linked Card Account for the corresponding do
llar amount within 48 hours. Credits processed after the Card Account's statemen
t closing date will appear in the following billing period. You are responsible 
for payment of the amount due on your Card Account by the due date even after us
ing this feature. To learn about this feature and redeem points online, visit me
mbershiprewards.com/yourcharges.Year-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typ
ically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from Januar
y 1st through December 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsgui
deCar Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is un
derwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under P
olicy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For resid
ents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Li
mited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available t
o residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands,
 Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, c
onditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject
 to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policie
s. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented fr
om a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that a
llow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover 
some vehicles, e.g. off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described
 in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This mea
ns it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. Th
is product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover su
ch things as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to o
ther persons, or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Condi
tions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is 
underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under
 Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For reside
nts of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Lim
ited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to
 residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, 
Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, c
onditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject
 to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy.
 Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty 
on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warrant
y if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide 
one additional year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year 
and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunde
d. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as
 a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and thei
r parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the am
ount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $
10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per cal
endar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case 
we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see
 americanexpress.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwrit
ten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy A
X0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU
 and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hag
atna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to resident
s of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and
 the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions,
 and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change
 with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping 
and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are 
not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items, an
d motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Ot
her important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charg
ed to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not t
o exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required 
to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that s
hipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligi
ble benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and
 Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Acc
ident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office
, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy 
TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pa
cific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not
 available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marsh
all Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by 
the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card an
d is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace
 the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common 
Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare m
eans the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your
 Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with 
American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points 
program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flye
r miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you w
ill not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For resid
ents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good stand
ing on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and 
Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.