PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO READ IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT RATES, FEES, AND OTHER CO
ST INFORMATION BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION.Important information regardin
g rates, fees, and other cost informationINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGESAnnu
al Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases Up to the Credit Limit0% introductory APR
 for the first 9 months.After that, your APR will be 13.74% (Prime Rate + 8.99%)
, 18.74% (Prime Rate + 13.99%) or 20.74% (Prime Rate + 15.99%) based on your cre
ditworthiness as determined at the time of account opening. This APR will vary w
ith the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When It Applies29.99% (Pr
ime Rate + 25.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Thi
s APR will apply to your account if:1) You make 2 or more late payments in a 12-
month period;2) You do not pay the Minimum Payment due by the closing date of th
e billing period in which it is due; or3) You make a payment that is returned.Ho
w Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply 
for a minimum of 12 billing periods in a row, and will continue to apply until a
fter you have made timely payments, with no returned payments for 12 billing per
iods in a row.The Penalty APR may apply to the Amount Above the Credit Limit. Se
e When we charge interest in Part 2 of the Cardmember Agreement for information 
on interest charged if You Do Not Pay Your Minimum Payment Due. See the Card Mem
ber Agreement at http://www.americanexpress.com/cardagreements.Paying InterestYo
ur due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will 
not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due d
ate each month. If you pay the Minimum Payment Due by the Closing Date of the bi
lling period in which it is due each month, we will not charge interest on the A
mount Above the Credit Limit. See When we charge interest in Part 2 of the Cardm
ember Agreement.FeesAnnual Membership Fee$0Transaction Fees Foreign Transaction2
.7% of each transaction after conversion to US dollars.Penalty Fees Late Payment
Up to $38OverlimitNoneReturned Payment$38How we calculate interest:For the amoun
ts up to the credit limit, we use a method called "average daily balance (includ
ing new transactions)."Loss of Introductory APR:We may end your Introductory APR
 and apply the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due wi
thin 60 days after its Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not excee
d 29.99%.Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate publi
shed in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The W
all Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, w
e will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime R
ate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more inter
est and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resu
lting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing pe
riod. Variable APRs are accurate as of 3/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the 
full Card Member Agreement. By submitting this application, you, as an individua
l and the Authorizing Officer of the Company, (a) are requesting us to open an A
ccount in the name of the Company, (b) are requesting that we issue Card(s) as y
ou direct, (c) are agreeing to be jointly and severally liable with the Company 
for all charges to the account, and (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED
 ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qual
ified individuals 18 or over may be approved for a Card Account. This offer is a
vailable to US Residents. When you use the Account (or sign or keep the Card), y
ou agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you 
for the Account. The Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, wh
ich impacts the opportunity to have claims related to the Account heard in court
 or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceedi
ng. We may change the terms of, or add new terms to, the Card Member Agreement a
t any time, subject to applicable law. We may apply any changed or new terms to 
any existing and future balances on your Account, subject to applicable law.    
You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. Yo
u authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer re
porting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share 
information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purpo
ses as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a co
nsumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it. Additiona
l Cards: You must notify Additional Card Members that we may obtain, provide, an
d use information about them and that their use of your Account is subject to ce
rtain provisions of the Card Member Agreement. The maximum number of Additional 
Cards issued on each Account is 99. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all
 financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies
 each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth a
nd other information that will allow us to verify your identity.   New York Resi
dents: New York Residents may contact the New York state Department of Financial
 Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative 
credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York Department of Financial Ser
vices: 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govNotice to Delaware Residents: Service cha
rges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding 
balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in
 excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances fr
om month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your ent
ire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws ag
ainst discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to
 all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separa
te credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commi
ssion administers compliance with this law. The SimplyCash® Plus Business Credit
 Card is issued by an American Express bank. ©2018 American Express. All rights 
reserved.POID G9M4:0001BENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and services are subj
ect to change or cancellation.Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 1
8 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.American 
Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclu
sively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and Internationa
l Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Pre
paid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject 
to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales
 final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at
 the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to C
ard Members with disabilities.Cash back with SimplyCash® PlusCash back can be re
ceived on eligible purchases made on your SimplyCash® Plus Business Credit Card.
 The cash back is based on a percentage of the eligible purchases you make durin
g each billing period and will be automatically credited to your account as a st
atement credit. The statement credit will automatically appear on the second bil
ling statement you receive after the billing statement with the eligible purchas
es. You will not receive a statement credit for eligible purchases made if you d
o not pay the minimum payment due by the Closing Date of the billing period in w
hich it is due, or if your Card account is cancelled before the credit is issued
. For each calendar year (starting January 1st and ending December 31st), you wi
ll receive a statement credit of: 5% on your first $50,000 of eligible purchases
 made in the following two categories combined, (1) monthly wireless telephone s
ervices purchased directly from wireless telephone service providers in the U.S.
 (purchases of hardware and equipment, and purchases from third parties and rese
llers, are excluded) and (2) office supplies purchased directly from U.S. office
 supply stores (supplies purchased at other retail stores are excluded); 3% on y
our first $50,000 of eligible purchases made in the category that you select (se
e below for more on the available categories and how to make your selection); 1%
 on all other eligible purchases, including purchases in the 5% category after y
our first $50,000 and in the 3% category after your first $50,000. Eligible purc
hases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Elig
ible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, purchases of travelers c
hecks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equiv
alents.You may select your 3% cash back category from the following eight catego
ries: (1) airfare purchased directly from airlines, (2) hotel stays (excluding t
imeshares, banquets and events), (3) purchases from select major car rental comp
anies listed at americanexpress.com/rewards-info, (4) purchases at U.S. gas stat
ions, (5) purchases at U.S. restaurants, (6) purchases made in the U.S. for ship
ping, or (7) purchases made in the U.S. for advertising in select media,and (8) 
computer hardware, software, and cloud computing purchases made in the U.S. dire
ctly from select providers. (The current list of select computer hardware, softw
are, and cloud computing providers is available at: americanexpress.com/rewards-
info). For more details on these categories, including important terms and limit
ations, please go to americanexpress.com/rewards-info. You may select your 3% ca
sh back category from the list described above within the first two months of Ca
rd Membership. Thereafter, you can change your selection once a year during the 
annual selection period which runs from December 1st to January 31st. You can ma
ke your category selection by either calling the number on the back of your Card
 or going to open.com/simplycashplus. You will receive your 3% rebate on purchas
es at U.S. gas stations unless and until you select a different category. Once y
ou make your selection, it will be applied starting on the day on which you make
 your selection. If you do not change your 3% category during the annual selecti
on period, your category will remain the same as the previous year. Only the Bas
ic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager with full access may make the selec
tion, and their selection will apply to purchases made by all Card Members on th
e account. Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. A pur
chase will not receive more than 1% cash back if the merchant's code is not elig
ible. Purchases made through a third-party payment account or on an online marke
tplace (with multiple retailers) will receive a 1% cash back. A purchase may not
 receive more than 1% cash back if the merchant submits the purchase using a mob
ile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet. Additional
 terms and restrictions apply.Connect to QuickBooksConnect to QuickBooks works w
ith QuickBooks Online and is available for use with Business Cards from American
 Express OPEN. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reser
ved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered tradema
rks of Intuit Inc.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Me
mber's favor.Employee Card Spending LimitsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be s
et up online or by calling the number on the back of your Card. The Spending Lim
it is not a guarantee that the Employee Card Member will be able to make purchas
es up to that limit. There are certain purchases where the limit does not apply,
 such as, for example, restaurant tips and hotel stays extended beyond their ori
ginal reservation period, and the overall Account capacity is taken into conside
ration. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges excee
d a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when 
a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and bille
d that exceed a limit. For more information on the application of the limit, ple
ase refer to the Employee Card Spending Limits Terms and Conditions at www.ameri
canexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, which will also be provided when you enroll Em
ployee Card(s) in this feature.Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities
. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all Am
erican Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Ticket
s must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and Interna
tional Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability.
 Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refun
ds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discre
tion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with
 disabilities.Expanded buying powerThe portion of your account balance that is a
bove your credit limit is due in full each month as part of your minimum payment
 due. You will not incur interest charges on the portion of your account balance
 that is above your credit limit so long as you pay the entire minimum payment d
ue by the closing date of the billing period in which it is due. If you do not, 
then the penalty rate will apply to your entire balance, including any amount ab
ove the credit limit.Forfeiting Cash BackYou will not receive the cash back if y
our Card account is cancelled or in default at the time of fulfillment.FX Intern
ational Payments - SecureFX International Payments incorporates encryption, both
 for stored data (such as account information) and for payments created and tran
smitted in real-time. The FX International Payments platform is deployed within 
American Express' state of the art data center that features advanced online and
 offline security and monitoring against internet attacks. FX International Paym
ents implements American Express standards relating to information integrity, tr
ansaction security and information security.FX International Payments Live Excha
nge Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may not be available outside of business
 hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX Internationa
l Payments is a service of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc
. ("American Express"). This service is not available to consumers. To enroll in
 the service, your business will be required to complete an application which is
 subject to review and approval by American Express. For a copy of the applicati
on, including terms and conditions, call 888-391-9971.Global Assist® HotlineWhil
e Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no 
additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the co
sts charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see
 americanexpress.com/GAterms.Rewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, conditi
ons and restrictions vary by individual Card products.Roadside Assistance Hotlin
eRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow o
perator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assista
nce Hotline is available at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charge
d for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the 
following services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Me
mber has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery o
f up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling within the 50 U
nited States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin 
Islands and only when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This pro
duct does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, 
unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. O
ther important exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordinati
on and assistance services in case of inclement weather or on roadways which res
trict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable fo
r vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditi
ons and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see amer
icanexpress.com/RAterms.Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services
 Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not 
responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aw
are that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching 
sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel coun
selors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms Ca
lifornia CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.Spend ManagerSpend
 ManagerSM is a feature of American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Americ
an Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displ
ayed. Receipts will be stored until the earliest of the following: (1) seven yea
rs from the end of the year that the receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that y
our online account is closed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, American Express ma
y delete or purge receipts for any reason in its sole discretion, with or withou
t notice.Spend Manager and Connect to QuickBooksSpend ManagerSM and Connect to Q
uickBooks® are two separate business tools available with Business Cards from Am
erican Express OPEN that were created to work together. American Express is not 
responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed in your Quick
Books. You must enroll in Connect to QuickBooks from your American Express onlin
e account. Connect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online. For details about
 Spend ManagerSM, go to www.open.com/spendmanager. Any QuickBooks Online screen 
shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, an
d the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Spend Manager Mobile AppTh
e Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available with American Express Business an
d Corporate Cards. Not all functionality is available with Corporate Cards. The 
Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available on the App Store(R) and Google Play
™. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in
 the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google 
Play is a trademark of Google Inc.Year–End SummaryThe Online Year–End Summary, t
ypically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from Janu
ary 1st through December 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSUR
ESFor important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsg
uideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assuran
ce Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX040
0-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan 
is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under P
olicy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samo
a, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outl
ying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of
 the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This
 document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must p
ay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or b
us) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered 
Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's Ame
rican Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® P
oints or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you us
e another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program
 to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provi
des secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any pri
mary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss 
must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americ
anexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and D
amage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office
, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy
 CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine
 Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benef
it is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micrones
ia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is deter
mined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to you
r Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement o
r replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rent
al and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sha
ring companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This p
olicy does not cover some vehicles, e.g off-road vehicles, limousines and antiqu
e cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondar
y coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insuran
ce that you have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle b
ut does not cover such things as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured 
vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to other vehicles or property. For 
full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyE
xtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Offic
e, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Polic
y EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine P
acific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit
 is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia
, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determ
ined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your
 Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or
 replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manu
facturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of 
the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than one y
ear, and we provide one additional year if the original manufacturer's warranty 
is between one year and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase
 will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physic
al damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices a
nd vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be 
covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up t
o a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Me
mber account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item t
o us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms
 and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Pro
tection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoeni
x, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND.
 For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific In
surance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not a
vailable to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshal
l Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by th
e terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and 
is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace t
he Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Ce
rtain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and 
perishable items and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or norma
l wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed f
or the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 pe
r occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. Y
ou may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimb
urse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This 
means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have.
 For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Accident 
InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Ad
ministrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy A
X0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten
 by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111. T
his benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of
 Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage
 is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicab
le to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not sup
plement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for t
ravel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible C
ard. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier
. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in
 combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Expres
s Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of paymen
t or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part 
of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restr
ictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account mus
t be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. F
or full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.