The Business Platinum Card® from American ExpressTraveling for business doesn't have to feel like workGet 5X Membership Rewards® points on flights and prepaid hotels on amextravel.com‡50% more points on qualifying large business purchases‡ and 35% Airline Bonus.‡$200 Airline Fee Credit. Select one qualifying airline and then receive up to $200 per calendar year in statement credits when incidental fees, such as checked bags and in-flight refreshments, are charged by the airline to your Business Platinum Account.*‡$595 annual feeNo interest charges because you pay your balance in full each month, unless you’re enrolled in the Pay Over Time feature.‡¤Earn up to 75,000 Membership Rewards® points  Earn 50,000 Membership Rewards® points after you spend $10,000 and an extra 25,000 points after you spend an additional $10,000 all on qualifying purchases on the Business Platinum Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership.†Get one year of Platinum Global Access from WeWork  With this membership, you can access 300+ premium, inspiring workspaces in 75+ cities. To get this exclusive offer, enroll between 2/15/2019 and 12/31/2019.†*American Express relies on accurate airline transaction data to identify incidental fee purchases. If you do not see a credit for a qualifying incidental purchase on your eligible Card after 4 weeks, simply call the number on the back of your Card. See terms & conditions for more details.Reviews(1693)











Read Business Platinum Card® ReviewsApply♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesThe Business Platinum Card® from American ExpressTraveling for business doesn't have to feel like workHighlightsGet 5X Membership Rewards® points on flights and prepaid hotels on amextravel.com‡Make Business Purchases Rewarding. Get 50% More Points on Purchases of $5k or more and use points for flights and Get 35% Points Back‡$200 Airline Fee Credit. Select one qualifying airline and get a statement credit of up to $200 a calendar year for baggage fees and more.**American Express relies on accurate airline transaction data to identify incidental fee purchases. If you do not see a credit for a qualifying incidental purchase on your eligible Card after 4 weeks, simply call the number on the back of your Card. See terms & conditions for more details.‡OffersEarn up to 75,000 Membership Rewards® pointsEarn 50,000 Membership Rewards® points after you spend $10,000 and an extra 25,000 points after you spend an additional $10,000 all on qualifying purchases on the Business Platinum Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership.†Get one year of Platinum Global Access from WeWorkWith this membership, you can access 300+ premium, inspiring workspaces in 75+ cities. To get this exclusive offer, enroll between 2/15/2019 and 12/31/2019.†Fees$595 annual feeNo interest charges because you pay your balance in full each month, unless you’re enrolled in the Pay Over Time feature.‡¤Featured Business Platinum Card® BenefitsMembership Rewards® Points5X pointson flights and prepaid hotels on amextravel.com.‡1.5X pointsper dollar on eligible purchases of $5,000 or more (that's an extra half point per dollar). Up to 1 million additional points per year.‡1X pointsfor each dollar you spend on eligible purchases.‡Terms and limitations apply.NEW - Up to $200 annual Dell statement creditGet up to $100 in statement credits between January and June and up to $100 in statement credits between July and December for U.S. purchases with Dell on your Business Platinum Card when enrolled. That's up to $200 in statement credits annually.‡American Express Global Lounge CollectionSMWe're #1 where it counts. With more than 1,200 airport lounges across 130 countries and counting, the American Express Global Lounge CollectionSM* offers travelers more lounge options than any other card on the market. Enjoy the highest levels of luxury at any of our own networks, The Centurion® Lounge and The International American Express lounges, or visit one of our partners including Delta Sky Club® when flying Delta or a Priority PassTM Select  lounge once enrolled.‡*Based on comparison with other U.S. credit card programs, as of 5/2018.NEW - Platinum Global Access from WeWorkAs a Business Platinum Card Member, get one year of complimentary Platinum Global Access from WeWork. To get this exclusive offer, enroll between 2/15/2019 and 12/31/2019. With this membership, you can access premium, inspiring workspaces, designed for productivity and focus, in 75+ cities and 20+ countries.†

05-membership/dls-icon-point-3x
Created with Sketch.















Over 1.5 million more places in the U.S. started accepting American Express® Cards in 2017.Business Platinum Card®  Benefits & DetailsPremium Travel and Transportation for comfortable, VIP experiences








5X Membership Rewards® Points5X Membership Rewards® points on flights and prepaid hotels on amextravel.com.‡35% Airline Bonus‡Use Membership Rewards® Pay with Points for all or part of an eligible fare and get 35% of those points back, up to 500,000 points back per calendar year.**Eligible fares include First and Business Class tickets with all airlines available through American Express Travel, as well as any fare class with your selected qualifying airline.‡American Express Global Lounge Collection‡We're #1 where it counts. With more than 1,200 airport lounges across 130 countries and counting, the American Express Global Lounge CollectionSM* offers travelers more lounge options than any other card on the market. Enjoy the highest levels of luxury at any of our own networks, The Centurion® Lounge and The International American Express lounges, or visit one of our partners including Delta Sky Club® when flying Delta or a Priority PassTM Select  lounge once enrolled.‡*Based on comparison with other U.S. credit card programs, as of 5/2018.No Foreign Transaction Fees¤Do business globally and pay no foreign transaction fees on your purchases.‡$200 Airline Fee CreditSelect one qualifying airline and then receive up to $200 per calendar year in statement credits when incidental fees, such as checked bags and in-flight refreshments, are charged by the airline to your Business Platinum Account.*‡*American Express relies on accurate airline transaction data to identify incidental fee purchases. If you do not see a credit for a qualifying incidental purchase on your eligible Card after 4 weeks, simply call the number on the back of your Card. See terms & conditions for more details.‡Fee Credit for Global Entry or TSA Pre✔®Receive a statement credit every 4 years after you apply for Global Entry ($100) or every 4.5 years after you apply for TSA Pre ✔® ($85) with an eligible Card. If approved, you can get expedited screening at select airports. If approved for Global Entry, at no additional charge, you will receive access to TSA Pre ✔®. Each Additional Card on eligible Card accounts is also eligible for one statement credit for an application fee every 4 years for Global Entry or every 4.5 years for TSA Pre ✔®. To receive the statement credit, the application fee must be charged on the eligible Additional Card .‡ To read the full terms and conditions, visithere.Fine Hotels & ResortsWhen you book through Fine Hotels & Resorts, receive complimentary benefits including a room upgrade upon arrival when available1, daily breakfast for two people, guaranteed 4pm late check-out, noon check-in when available, complimentary Wi-Fi, and a unique amenity valued at US$100, such as a food & and beverage credit or one-way private sedan transfer2. See program terms and conditions for additional details.‡1Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade; call Business Platinum Travel Service for details.2Special amenity varies by property; call Business Platinum Travel Service for details.To book your stay, visit americanexpress.com/fhr or call Business Platinum Travel Service at 1-800-553-9497.MARRIOTT BONVOYTM GOLD ELITE STATUSAs a Business Platinum Card Member, you can upgrade to Marriott BonvoyTM Gold Elite status without meeting any stay requirements. Terms and limitations apply.‡Hilton Honors Gold StatusWith Hilton Honors Gold status, you can enjoy benefits at hotels and resorts within the Hilton Portfolio and earn reward stays faster with Hilton Honors Bonus Points.‡Business Platinum Travel ServicePlatinum travel counselors specialize in providing custom itineraries and tailored recommendations to help you make the most of your travels.‡Platinum Level Rewards and Services to get more out of your Card








1.5X Points on Large PurchasesGet 50% more points on large business eligible purchases of $5,000 or more. That's 1.5 points per dollar. Up to 1 million additional Membership Rewards® points per year.‡Business Platinum Card ConciergeDelegate your to-do list and enjoy efficiencies. Business Platinum Card Concierge offers you complimentary assistance with arranging lunch meetings, procuring concert tickets to entertain clients, booking ground transportation and more. Turn to Concierge anytime, day or night wherever you are. Simply call the number on the back of your Card and say "Concierge" when prompted or send your Concierge request to PlatinumRequests@concierge. americanexpress.com from the e-mail associated with your American Express account.‡Preferred Seating ProgramGet access to premium seats for select cultural and sporting events, based on availability.‡Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, you can be covered if your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen when you use your eligible Card to reserve and pay for the entire eligible vehicle rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the rental car counter. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered. Coverage is not available for vehicles rented in Australia, Italy and New Zealand. This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Global Dining CollectionWith the Global Dining Collection, you get special access to reservations and extraordinary experiences at restaurants that the Business Platinum Card Members love, as well as the opportunity to meet some of your favorite chefs at exclusive culinary events.‡Premium Roadside AssistanceWhether you need a tow or a jumpstart, we'll send help your way 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Emergency services like towing up to 10 miles, changing a flat, or jumpstarting a battery are a phone call away - even if you're in your driveway - and we will pay for included services up to four times a year. There are some vehicle exclusions and other important restrictions. Card Members must call the number on the back of their Card in order to engage with Premium Roadside Assistance.‡Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎Travel more comfortably knowing you can be covered by the Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎ for eligible lost, damaged, or stolen baggage when you purchase the entire fare for a Common Carrier ticket (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) on an eligible Card. Coverage can be provided for up to $2,000 for checked baggage and up to a combined maximum of $3,000 for checked and carry-on baggage. The coverage is also subject to a $3,000 aggregate limit per Covered Trip. For New York State residents, there is a $2,000 per bag/suitcase limit for each Covered Person with a $10,000 aggregate maximum for all Covered Persons per Covered Trip. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Premium Global Assist® HotlineWhen you travel more than 100 miles from home, you have 24/7 medical, legal, financial or other select emergency coordination and assistance services, including medical and legal referrals, passport replacement, cash wires and more. Card Members may be responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.Card Members must call the number on the back of their Card in order to engage with Premium Roadside Assistance.‡Travel Accident Insurance♦︎Travel Accident Insurance♦︎ can provide up to $500,000 in accidental death and dismemberment coverage while traveling on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) when the entire fare has been charged to the eligible Card. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Premium Car Rental PrivilegesEnjoy complimentary membership in premium car rental programs, including special upgrades and discounts‡.Expense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses








Employee CardsGet the most out of your Business Card by adding Employee Cards. Earn Membership Rewards®‡ on employee purchases, plus track employee spending with alerts and summary reports.‡Account ManagerLet someone you trust give you a hand.Assign a trusted employee or business partner to be an Account Manager on your Business Card account.‡ They can handle tasks like reviewing statements, making payments, and disputing charges on your Business Cards, so you're free to focus on other aspects of your business.‡Spend ManagerSMSpend ManagerSM is a feature available to help you manage your Card expenses by allowing you to add receipts and notes to your transactions either via desktop or your mobile device.‡Connect to QuickBooks®Track your Business Card expenses in one place with Connect to QuickBooks. Your  Card transactions are sent to your QuickBooks Banking page every day. Enrollment is required.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help you avoid late payments, notify you of irregular activity, and monitor Employee Card spending.Year-End SummaryAt the end of the year, see a complete summary that categorizes your spend by month and purchase type, and helps you track your business expenses down to the last detail.‡Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.Amex® AppEasily manage your account, pay your bill, check your balance, view your benefits and more from your mobile phone or tablet.Vendor Pay by Bill.com‡You can make the most out of paying your business bills. Improve your cash flow and take advantage of Card benefits when you use your Card to pay bills with Vendor Pay by Bill.com.Take advantage of Vendor Pay by Bill.com by enrolling your Card. With the Basic plan, there is no monthly fee for the first user. Additional fees may apply based on plan type and number of users.Even More Benefits for Card Members








Extended Warranty♦︎When an American Express® Card Member charges an eligible product with his or her Card account, Extended Warranty♦︎ can provide up to two extra years* added to the original U.S. manufacturer's warranty. Applies to warranties of 5 years or less. Coverage is up to the actual amount charged to your Card for the item up to a maximum of $10,000; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. *For residents of Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands, Your coverage will match the original warranty period for warranties of less than one (1) year or provide one (1) additional year if the warranty is between one (1) and five (5) years.Purchase Protection♦︎When an American Express® Card Member charges a covered purchase with their Business Platinum Card® account, Purchase Protection♦︎ can help protect them for up to 120 days* from the date of purchase if the item is stolen, accidentally damaged or lost. The coverage is limited up to $10,000 per occurrence, up to $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.*For residents of New York, Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands coverage duration is 90 days.Dispute ResolutionWe will work with you to resolve the issue if there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding. With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone. Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.Apply by PhoneApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesApply by PhoneApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & Fees