PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO READ IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT RATES, FEES, AND OTHER CO
ST INFORMATION BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION.Important information regardin
g rates, fees, and other cost informationINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGESAnnu
al Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases17.24% (Prime Rate + 12.49%) to 26.24% (Pr
ime Rate + 21.49%), based on your creditworthiness as determined at the time of 
account opening. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR 
for Cash Advances26.74% (Prime Rate + 21.99%)This APR will vary with the market 
based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When It Applies29.99% (Prime Rate + 25.9
9%)This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR will appl
y to your account if:1) You make 2 or more late payments in a 12-month period;2)
 You do not pay the Minimum Payment due by the closing date of the billing perio
d in which it is due; or3) You make a payment that is returned.How Long Will the
 Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for a minimum o
f 12 billing periods in a row, and will continue to apply until after you have m
ade timely payments, with no returned payments for 12 billing periods in a row.P
aying InterestYour due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing 
period. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire bala
nce by the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances
 on the transaction date.FeesAnnual Membership Fee$95Transaction Fees Cash Advan
ceEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Forei
gn TransactionNonePenalty Fees Late PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneReturned Paymen
t$38How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily ba
lance (including new purchases.)"Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Intro
ductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Pay
ment Due within 60 days after its Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR wil
l not exceed 29.99% Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime
 Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing pe
riod. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it 
does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If 
the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay
 more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate change
s, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the
 billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 3/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITION
S View the full Card Member Agreement. By submitting this application, you, as a
n individual and the Authorizing Officer of the Company, (a) are requesting us t
o open an Account in the name of the Company, (b) are requesting that we issue C
ard(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be jointly and severally liable with t
he Company for all charges to the account, and (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CAR
D(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES
. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be approved for a Card Account. This
 offer is available to US Residents. When you use the Account (or sign or keep t
he Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provi
ded to you for the Account. The Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration pr
ovision, which impacts the opportunity to have claims related to the Account hea
rd in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or simil
ar proceeding. We may change the terms of, or add new terms to, the Card Member 
Agreement at any time, subject to applicable law. We may apply any changed or ne
w terms to any existing and future balances on your Account, subject to applicab
le law.    You promise that the information you provide on this application is a
ccurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from 
consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiarie
s to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administr
ative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have re
ceived a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it
. Additional Cards: You must notify Additional Card Members that we may obtain, 
provide, and use information about them and that their use of your Account is su
bject to certain provisions of the Card Member Agreement. The maximum number of 
Additional Cards issued on each Account is 99. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law r
equires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that
 identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date
 of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.   Ne
w York Residents: New York Residents may contact the New York state Department o
f Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on c
omparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York Department of Fi
nancial Services: 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govCash advance at ATMs: We may i
ssue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances a
t participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting u
s. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.Notice to Delaware Residents: S
ervice charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the ou
tstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service char
ges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding b
alances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up t
o your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Oh
io laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally av
ailable to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maint
ain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil ri
ghts commission administers compliance with this law. The Hilton Honors American
 Express Business Card is issued by an American Express bank. ©2018 American Exp
ress. All rights reserved. ©2018 Hilton.POID CHZ0:0001OFFER TERMSWelcome bonus o
ffer not available to applicants who have or have had this product.Earn up to 10
0,000 Hilton Honors Points You can earn 75,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points after 
you make eligible purchases with your Hilton Honors Business Card that total $3,
000 or more (the "Threshold Amount") within your first 3 months of Card Membersh
ip, starting from the date of your Card approval. You can earn an extra 25,000 B
onus Points (for a total of 100,000 Bonus Points) after you make an additional $
1,000 in eligible purchases with your Card (for a total of $4,000 in eligible pu
rchases) within your first 6 months of Card Membership, starting from the date o
f your Card approval. Bonus Points will be credited to your Hilton Honors accoun
t 6-8 weeks after each Threshold Amount has been met. If we in our sole discreti
on determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection wit
h the welcome bonus offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, i
f you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer (s) that we 
did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months
 after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the T
hreshold Amount), we may not credit Hilton Honors Bonus Points to your account. 
We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with u
s. Eligible purchases to meet the Threshold Amount for this offer include those 
made by both Basic and Additional Card Members on the Card Account. Eligible Pur
chases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eli
gible purchases to meet the Threshold Amount do NOT include fees or interest cha
rges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on the Hilton Honor
s Business Card), cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or re
loading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or
 purchases of any cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account are 
not eligible for this offer. To receive Bonus Points, your Card account must not
 be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment. For questions regarding you
r Card account, please call the number on the back of your Card. You can earn 75
,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points after you make eligible purchases with your Hilt
on Honors Business Card that total $3,000 or more within your first 3 months of 
Card Membership. You can earn an extra 25,000 Bonus Points (for a total of 100,0
00 Bonus Points) after you make an additional $1,000 in eligible purchases with 
your Card (for a total of $4,000 in purchases) within your first 6 months of Car
d Membership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances,
 your period to spend $3,000 (or $4,000) may be shorter than 3 or 6 months if th
ere is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3
 or 6 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transa
ctions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transact
ion. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date th
e goods are shipped).  American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke o
ffer at any time.BENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and services are subject to
 change or cancellation.Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 year
s old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.American Expres
s Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively
 to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Card
s). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid a
nd International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to ava
ilability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final
. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the s
ole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Me
mbers with disabilities.Amex Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app features are
 available only for eligible Card accounts in the United States. American Expres
s® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligib
le. To log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and password o
r create one in the app.Amex Mobile appiOS and Android only. See app store listi
ngs for operating system infoConnect to QuickbooksConnect to QuickBooks works wi
th QuickBooks Online and is available for use with Business Cards from American 
Express OPEN. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserv
ed. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademar
ks of Intuit Inc.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Mem
ber's favor.Drive Off With Savings &amp; Hilton Honors Bonus PointsA qualifying 
rental must meet the following: The Primary Driver's Hilton Honors number must b
e provided at time of reservation. The name of the member associated with the Hi
lton Honors number provided must match the Primary Driver's name on the rental t
o qualify for mileage awards. Only one Hilton Honors member per car rental will 
be credited with points. Special contracted corporate or promotional rates such 
as employee, net tour, travel agent, group, wholesale or package rates, crew, in
surance/dealer replacement or other or non-revenue rentals do not qualify for po
ints. Multiple rentals that encompass different cars on the same or consecutive 
days from the same location shall be counted as a single qualifying rental even 
if the member checks the car in and back out during the same period.Employee Car
d Spending LimitsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be set up online or by callin
g the number on the back of your Card. The Spending Limit is not a guarantee tha
t the Employee Card Member will be able to make purchases up to that limit. Ther
e are certain purchases where the limit does not apply, such as, for example, re
staurant tips and hotel stays extended beyond their original reservation period,
 and the overall Account capacity is taken into consideration. You agree to pay 
all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree 
that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to
 any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. Fo
r more information on the application of the limit, please refer to the Employee
 Card Spending Limits Terms and Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimit
s/terms, which will also be provided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this fe
ature.Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sa
les period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Memb
ers (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with 
an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard s
ervice charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are availa
ble and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer m
ay be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express.
 Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.FX Internat
ional Payments - SecureFX International Payments incorporates encryption, both f
or stored data (such as account information) and for payments created and transm
itted in real-time. The FX International Payments platform is deployed within Am
erican Express' state of the art data center that features advanced online and o
ffline security and monitoring against internet attacks. FX International Paymen
ts implements American Express standards relating to information integrity, tran
saction security and information security.FX International Payments Live Exchang
e Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may not be available outside of business h
ours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)FX International Payments Terms and condit
ionsFX International Payments is a service of American Express Travel Related Se
rvices Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service is not available to cons
umers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required to complete an a
pplication which is subject to review and approval by American Express. For a co
py of the application, including terms and conditions, call 888-391-9971. Transa
ction Waiver - General Cards If an OPEN Card Member applies for the FX Internati
onal Payments service and is approved by American Express, American Express will
 waive its transaction fee on foreign currency wire payments for 6 months, and c
harge a transaction fee of $10 after the six month waiver period ends. This redu
ced fee may be discontinued by American Express at any time or in the event you 
cease to be an American Express OPEN Card Member. Wire payments in the same curr
ency (e.g., USD to USD) are not eligible for this offer and are subject to a tra
nsaction fee (typically $35). Consult your FX International Payments Sales Repre
sentative for more details. There is no minimum number of transactions in order 
to qualify for this offer, but a minimum transaction size may apply, depending o
n the type of currency of the wire payment. In some countries, the receiving ban
k may assess its own transaction fees on your wire payment. You recognize that, 
even if American Express does not charge you a transaction fee on your foreign c
urrency wire payment, American Express may earn revenue from the foreign exchang
e transaction. Other fees may apply to products and services other than foreign 
currency wire payments.  Click here for information about addressing complaints 
regarding our money services business, lists of our money services business lice
nses and other disclosures.FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX International Payments is
 a service of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American 
Express"). This service is not available to consumers. To enroll in the service,
 your business will be required to complete an application which is subject to r
eview and approval by American Express. For a copy of the application, including
 terms and conditions, call 888-391-9971.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assi
st® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional ch
arge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged b
y third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpr
ess.com/GAterms.Hilton Honors Bonus PointsYou will receive 3 Hilton Honors Bonus
 Points for each dollar of eligible purchases. You will receive 9 additional Hil
ton Honors Bonus Points, for a total of 12, for each dollar of eligible purchase
s charged directly with a property within the Hilton portfolio, including bookin
gs and incidental charges. To receive the 9 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Point
s for charges made at the time of booking, the booking must be made directly thr
ough a reservation channel operated by Hilton. You can receive the 9 additional 
Hilton Honors Bonus Points for incidental charges made at the hotel (including c
harges made at restaurants, spas, and other establishments) if those charges can
 be and are charged to your room and paid for with your Hilton Honors American E
xpress Business Card at checkout. You will receive 3 additional Hilton Honors Bo
nus Points, for a total of 6, for each dollar of eligible purchases at the follo
wing categories of merchants: restaurants located in the U.S.; airfare on a sche
duled flight charged directly with passenger airlines or amextravel.com (charter
 flights and private jet flights are excluded); purchases directly from select m
ajor car rental companies listed at americanexpress.com/rewards-info; gasoline a
t gas stations located in the U.S.; shipping services purchased in the U.S. for 
courier, postal, and freight; and on monthly wireless telephone services purchas
ed directly from U.S. wireless telephone service providers (purchases of hardwar
e and equipment are excluded; any purchases from third parties and resellers are
 excluded). To get additional points for a restaurant purchase, the purchase mus
t be at a restaurant located in the United States. You will NOT get additional p
oints for purchases made at a restaurant owned by a U.S. company but located out
side the U.S. (e.g. Hard Rock Café in Paris). You also will NOT get additional p
oints for purchases at nightclubs, convenience stores, grocery stores, or superm
arkets. You may not get additional points for purchases at a restaurant located 
within another establishment (e.g. a restaurant inside a hotel, casino, or event
 venue). For example, purchases made at a restaurant located within a hotel may 
be recognized as a purchase at a hotel, not a restaurant. Your Hilton Honors Poi
nts are subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions; see HiltonHonors.com/Term
s. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and oth
er credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash adv
ances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, p
urchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash eq
uivalents. Hilton Honors Bonus Points you earn with your Card will be posted to 
your Hilton Honors account 6 to 8 weeks after the end of your billing period. Pu
rchases made through a third-party payment account or on an online marketplace (
with multiple retailers) will not receive additional points Merchants are typica
lly assigned codes and categorized based on what they primarily sell. A purchase
 will not receive additional points if a merchant, or a particular merchant loca
tion, uses a code that is not eligible for additional points. A purchase may not
 receive additional points if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile o
r wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet. Please visit am
ericanexpress.com/rewards-info for more information about rewards.Hilton Honors 
Complimentary Gold StatusYou will receive complimentary Hilton Honors Gold statu
s with your Hilton Honors American Express Business Card. Complimentary Gold sta
tus benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member. If your Hilton Honors Am
erican Express Business Card is cancelled for any reason, your complimentary Hil
ton Honors Gold status provided with the Card will be cancelled. American Expres
s reserves the right to change, modify or revoke complimentary Gold status at an
y time. If your complimentary Gold status is cancelled, you may be able to maint
ain your Gold status by qualifying under the Hilton Honors Program terms. Gold s
tatus benefits are subject to availability and vary by hotel. For more informati
on on Gold status benefits or how to maintain Gold status each year with qualify
ing stays, nights or Hilton Honors Base Points through the Hilton Honors Program
, and for complete Terms and Conditions, visit HiltonHonors.com/MemberBenefits.H
ilton Honors Program &amp; CopyrightHilton Honors membership, earning and redemp
tion of Points are subject to Hilton Honors Terms &amp; Conditions. Excludes Ham
pton by Hilton Hotels in Mainland China. © 2018 HiltonHilton Honors and all trad
emarks of the Hilton Portfolio are owned by Hilton Domestic Operating Company In
c. or its subsidiaries.Hilton Honors Upgrade to Diamond StatusYou may receive an
 upgrade to Hilton Honors Diamond status if the total eligible purchases on your
 Card Account during a calendar year reach $40,000 or more. A calendar year is f
rom January 1 to December 31 regardless of when you open your Card Account. Elig
ible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other cred
its. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, 
purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchase
s of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalen
ts. This upgrade to Diamond status benefit is only available to the Basic Card M
ember; however, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Members will contribu
te to the purchase requirement. It will take about 10-12 weeks after the total e
ligible purchases level is reached for your Hilton Honors Diamond status to beco
me effective. Your upgrade to Hilton Honors Diamond status is valid for the cale
ndar year in which it was earned and the subsequent calendar year. Your Diamond 
status will expire after that subsequent calendar year unless your total eligibl
e purchases in that subsequent calendar year again qualifies you for Diamond sta
tus, or if you qualify for Diamond status under the Hilton Honors program terms.
 For more information on Diamond status benefits or how to maintain your Diamond
 status each year with qualifying stays, nights or Hilton Honors Base Points thr
ough the Hilton Honors Program, and for complete Terms and Conditions, visit Hil
tonHonors.com/MemberBenefits.Hilton Honors Weekend Night RewardsIf the total eli
gible purchases on your Hilton Honors American Express Business Card Account rea
ch $15,000 or more during a calendar year, you will receive a Weekend Night Rewa
rd from Hilton Honors. After you make an additional $45,000 in purchases in that
 same calendar year, totaling $60,000 in cumulative spend in that year, you will
 receive a second Weekend Night Reward from Hilton. Each Weekend Night Reward wi
ll be issued in the form of a redeemable code and sent to you in an email from H
ilton Honors to the email address listed on your Hilton Honors account. You will
 receive the reward email within 8-12 weeks after you have met each purchase req
uirement. Call Hilton Honors to redeem your Weekend Night Reward. This benefit i
s only available to the Basic Card Member; however, eligible purchases made by A
dditional Card Members will contribute to the purchase requirement. Eligible pur
chases to meet the purchase requirement are for goods and services minus returns
 and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, 
cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid 
cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of other
 cash equivalents. Each Weekend Night Reward can be redeemed for one weekend nig
ht standard accommodation, double occupancy, subject to availability, at propert
ies in the Hilton portfolio, excluding those listed at HiltonHonors.com/weekendr
eward. A weekend night is defined as Friday, Saturday or Sunday night. To redeem
 the Weekend Night Reward, Card Members must call 1-800-446-6677 and mention the
 code provided by Hilton Honors. Each Weekend Night Reward expires within one ye
ar from the date of issuance and must be redeemed on or before the expiration da
te. A Weekend Night Reward will be forfeited if not redeemed on or before the ex
piration date. To ensure receipt of the reward e-mail notification, you should c
onfirm the correct email address is listed on your Hilton Honors account profile
. You can also check your Hilton Honors account for the status of any Weekend Ni
ght Rewards issued to you (including the expiration date) by calling 1-800-446-6
677. Rewards are not transferable and may not be redeemed for cash or Hilton Hon
ors Points. A Weekend Night Reward may be combined with other Hilton or Free Nig
ht promotions in market and may be added to existing paid or Reward stays. A Wee
kend Night Reward includes all applicable taxes; however, the Card Member may be
 responsible for payment of additional mandatory resort fees at participating Hi
lton Resorts where resort fees are applicable, and is responsible for all incide
ntal charges. Weekend Night Reward redemptions may be cancelled pursuant to the 
Weekend Night Reward cancellation policy on the Hilton Honors Program website (h
iltonhonors.com).No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any
 foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States 
with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants char
ge a fee on foreign transactions.Priority Pass SelectThese Terms and Conditions 
govern Hilton Honors American Express Business Card Member's participation in an
d use of the Priority PassTM Select program. Priority Pass is an independent air
port lounge access program. By enrolling in Priority Pass Select, you agree that
 you will be responsible for payment for any visits by you or your guests after 
your 10 complimentary lounge visits are used. After your 10 complimentary lounge
 visits are used, you will be charged $27 per visit for any additional visits by
 you and your accompanying guests during the remainder of the calendar year. You
r Hilton Honors American Express Business Card will be automatically charged $27
 for each additional visit after those visits have been reported to Priority Pas
s by the participating lounge. Some lounges do not admit guests. Additionally, y
ou acknowledge and agree that American Express will verify your Card Account num
ber and provide updated Card Account information to Priority Pass. Priority Pass
 will use this information to fulfill on the Priority Pass Select program and ma
y use this information for marketing related to the program. Once enrolled, Hilt
on Honors American Express Business Card Members whose Card Account is not cance
lled may access participating Priority Pass Select lounges by presenting your Pr
iority Pass Select card and airline boarding pass. In some lounges, Priority Pas
s Select member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. P
riority Pass Select members must adhere to all house rules of participating loun
ges. Amenities may vary among airport lounge locations. Conference rooms, where 
available, may be reserved for a nominal fee. Priority Pass Select lounge partne
rs and locations are subject to change. All Priority Pass Select members must ad
here to the Priority Pass Conditions of Use, which will be sent to you with your
 membership package, and can be viewed at www.prioritypass.com. Upon receipt of 
your enrollment information, Priority Pass will send your Priority Pass Select c
ard and membership package which you should receive within 10-14 business days. 
If you have not received the Priority Pass card after 14 days, please contact Am
erican Express using the number on the back of your American Express® Card.Prior
ity Pass SelectPriority Pass Select membership provides access to airport lounge
s participating in the Priority Pass Select program. You must enroll your Hilton
 Honors American Express Business Card in the Priority PassTM Select program to 
access the benefits. Once enrolled, you will receive your Priority Pass Select c
ard directly from Priority Pass within 10-14 business days. There is no membersh
ip fee with your Hilton Honors American Express Business Card. With your Hilton 
Honors American Express Business Card you will receive 10 complimentary lounge v
isits every calendar year. Once your 10 complimentary lounge visits are used, al
l subsequent lounge visits during the remainder of the same calendar year are su
bject to a fee of U.S. $27 per person per visit, which will be automatically cha
rged to your Card. To check on your remaining complimentary visit balance, pleas
e contact Priority Pass directly. Any unused complimentary lounge visits will be
 forfeited at the end of each calendar year. Priority Pass Select membership aut
omatically renews on the anniversary date of your enrollment in the Priority Pas
s Select program. Priority Pass membership may be cancelled by American Express 
if your Card is cancelled. Priority Pass Select lounge partners and locations ar
e subject to change. To access a lounge, you must show your valid Priority Pass 
Select card and an airline ticket for travel on the same day for you and each of
 your guests. This benefit is limited to the Basic Card Member. Additional Card 
Members are not eligible for this benefit, however, a complimentary visit may be
 applied to a guest visit, including for Additional Card Members. If you have no
 complimentary visits available, the Basic Card Member and each guest will be ch
arged $27 per person, per visit. In some lounges, Priority Pass Select member mu
st be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Amenities may vary 
among airport lounge locations. Lounge fees and rules of participating lounges a
re subject to change. Priority Pass Select membership is subject to the Priority
 Pass Conditions of Use. For complete Priority Pass terms and conditions and a l
isting of participating lounges, please visit www.prioritypass.com/select.Return
 ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged ent
irely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from
 purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member acc
ount per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling cost
s for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the o
riginal purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from w
hich they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refu
nd, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. O
ther important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States 
of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Amer
ican Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and No
rthern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in
 which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is s
ubject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms 
and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.Rewards Disclosure for Employee 
CardsTerms, conditions and restrictions vary by individual Card products.Roadsid
e Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline th
at can send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. Whi
le Roadside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, the Card Me
mber will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmi
th can provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire 
change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in veh
icle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when travel
ing within the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico a
nd the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with the eligibl
e vehicle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, moto
rcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gros
s vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide 
you with coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weather or on
 roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service ma
y be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional impor
tant terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-4
31-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.Seller of TravelAmerican Express Trav
el Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel
 suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. W
e want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incen
tives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives
 to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress
.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669
.Spend ManagerSpend ManagerSM is a feature of American Express Business and Corp
orate Cards. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accurac
y of receipts displayed. Receipts will be stored until the earliest of the follo
wing: (1) seven years from the end of the year that the receipt was uploaded or 
(2) the date that your online account is closed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
American Express may delete or purge receipts for any reason in its sole discret
ion, with or without notice.Spend Manager and Connect to QuickBooksSpend Manager
SM and Connect to QuickBooks® are two separate business tools available with Bus
iness Cards from American Express OPEN that were created to work together. Ameri
can Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts disp
layed in your QuickBooks. You must enroll in Connect to QuickBooks from your Ame
rican Express online account. Connect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online
. For details about Spend ManagerSM, go to www.open.com/spendmanager. Any QuickB
ooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit l
ogo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Spend M
anager Mobile AppThe Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available with American 
Express Business and Corporate Cards. Not all functionality is available with Co
rporate Cards. The Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available on the App Store
(R) and Google Play™. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, 
Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of
 Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.Year-End SummaryThe Online 
Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to you
r account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANC
E COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on policy terms, go to americanex
press.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwrit
ten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy A
X0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of G
U and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Ha
gatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residen
ts of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau an
d the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions
, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to chang
e with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be 
covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane
, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare 
cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additiona
l Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Me
mbership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the ent
ire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points f
rom another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered.
 This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits 
not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written 
report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Con
ditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCa
r Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Ad
ministrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy A
X0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwrit
ten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB00
0000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated
 States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands
. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policie
s applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document do
es not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 day
s of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not ava
ilable for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their perso
nal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g off-road vehicles, li
mousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This produc
t provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by 
any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to t
he rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you, any passeng
er in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to other vehicle
s or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms
.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, A
dministrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy 
AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritte
n by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB0000
00109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated S
tates of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands.
 Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies
 applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document doe
s not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms o
f the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We m
atch the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty
 is less than one year, and we provide one additional year if the original manuf
acturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping and handling cos
ts for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g
. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, 
motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply
. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; cover
age is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD 
$50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send t
he purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping c
ost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.Purchase Pro
tectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administra
tive Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI
, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Toki
o Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. Th
is benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of 
Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage 
is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicabl
e to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supp
lement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will 
not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Memb
er, consumable and perishable items and motorized vehicles and their parts or ac
cessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will o
nly be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limi
ted up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account p
er calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which
 case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides second
ary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insur
ance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPter
ms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX As
surance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy 
AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the P
lan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam und
er CRCB000000111. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, 
Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlyin
g Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of th
e Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This do
cument does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay th
e Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) w
ith your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip 
on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American
 Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points
 or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use ano
ther form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to p
ay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important e
xclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim paymen
t, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the
 original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterm
s.