The Plum Card® from American ExpressPayment flexibility to help meet your business needs‡Get a 1.5% early pay discount with no cap.‡Take up to 60 days to pay with no interest.‡Buy big with a spending limit that can grow with your business.‡$0 intro annual fee for the first year, then $250†¤Reviews(115)











Read Plum Card® ReviewsApply♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesThe Plum Card® from American ExpressPayment flexibility to help meet your business needs‡HighlightsPay early Get a 1.5% early pay discount with no cap.‡Pay later Take up to 60 days to pay with no interest.‡Buy bigwith a spending limit that can grow with your business.‡Fees$0 intro annual fee for the first year, then $250†¤This Charge Card gives you the option to pay in full each month or to carry a balance for up to 60 days with no interest.‡Featured Plum Card® BenefitsEarly Pay Discount & Extra Days To PayThe Plum Card has two unique payment options each month. You can get an Early Pay Discount on part of your statement balance, and you can take up to 60 days to pay the rest without interest when you pay the Minimum Due by the Payment Due Date. So take advantage and pay your bill the way that works for your business.Spending CapacityThe Plum Card has No Preset Spending Limit*, which gives you purchasing power that can adjust with your use of the Card and other factors.*No Preset Spending Limit does not mean unlimited spending. Purchasing power adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record and financial resources known to us, and other factors.

05-membership/dls-icon-point-3x
Created with Sketch.















Over 1.5 million more places in the U.S. started accepting American Express® Cards in 2017.Plum Card®  Benefits & DetailsHave More Flexibility over your payments








No Preset Spending Limit*The Plum Card empowers you to buy big. With no preset spending limit, the Card gives you purchasing power that can adjust with your use of the Card and other factors.*No Preset Spending Limit does not mean unlimited spending. Purchasing power adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record and financial resources known to us, and other factors.Choose Your Billing CycleChoose to receive your bill at the beginning, middle, or end of the month. When you pay within the first ten days, you'll get 1.5% back.‡Employee CardsGet additional flexibility with Employee Cards at no additional annual fee. Employee Cards can make it easier for your team to do their jobs, while making it easier for you to stay on top of their spending. Plus, get an Early Pay Discount on employee spending if you add Employee Cards to your account and pay early.‡Travel & Transportation perks and protection when you're doing business on the road








No Foreign Transaction FeesMake international purchases for your business without foreign transaction fees.‡Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, you can be covered if your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen when you use your eligible Card to reserve and pay for the entire eligible vehicle rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the rental car counter. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered. Coverage is not available in Australia, Italy, and New Zealand. This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Premium Roadside AssistanceYour car breaks down or you blow a tire. Now what? Luckily you're a Card Member. Just call us to change a flat, jumpstart a battery, or get a tow up to 10 miles. We will pay for included emergency services up to four times a year, even if you're in your driveway. With one call, help is on the way. And soon you'll be on yours. There are some vehicle exclusions and other important restrictions.‡Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎Travel more comfortably knowing you can be covered by the Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎ for eligible lost, damaged, or stolen baggage when you purchase the entire fare for a Common Carrier ticket (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) on your eligible Card. Coverage can be provided for up to $1,250 for carry-on baggage and up to $500 for checked baggage. For New York State residents, there is a $10,000 aggregate maximum limit for all Covered Persons per Covered Trip. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Global Assist® HotlineWhen you travel more than 100 miles from home, you have 24/7 access to medical, legal, financial or other select emergency coordination and assistance services, including medical and legal referrals, assistance with cash wires, passport replacement, missing luggage and more. Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.‡Travel Accident Insurance♦︎Travel Accident Insurance♦︎ can provide up to $100,000 in accidental death and dismemberment coverage while traveling on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) when the entire fare has been charged to the eligible Card. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Expense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses








Account ManagerWhen you designate an Account Manager, you can allow trusted individuals - like an assistant or business partner - to access and manage your Business Card account. So you can trust your Account Manager to get the work done when you can't be there.‡Spend ManagerSMSpend ManagerSM is a feature available to help you manage your Card expenses by allowing you to add receipts and notes to your transactions either via desktop or your mobile device.‡Connect to Quickbooks®Label and transfer your transaction data from your American Express online statement directly into your QuickBooks account.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help you avoid late payments, notify you of irregular activity, and monitor Employee Card spending.Year-End SummaryAt the end of the year, see a complete summary that categorizes your spend by month and purchase type, and helps you track your business expenses down to the last detail.‡Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.Amex® AppEasily manage your account, pay your bill, check your balance, view your benefits and more from your mobile phone or tablet.Even More Benefits for Card Members








Extended Warranty♦︎With Extended Warranty♦︎ you can shop with less worry knowing the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty can be extended up to two additional years*. Applies to warranties of 5 years or less that are eligible in the U.S. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.*For residents of Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands, Your coverage will match the original warranty period for warranties of less than one (1) year or provide one (1) additional year if the warranty is between one (1) and five (5) years.Purchase Protection♦︎When something you buy breaks or is stolen, Purchase Protection♦︎ can have you covered. Use your Card for eligible purchases, and your purchases can be protected from accidental damage or theft for up to 120 days* from the moment you buy them. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.*For residents of New York, Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands coverage duration is 90 days.Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding. With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone. Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.Dispute ResolutionWe will work with you to resolve the issue if there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement.‡Apply by PhoneApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesApply by PhoneApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & Fees