PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO READ IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT RATES, FEES, AND OTHER CO
ST INFORMATION BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION.Important information regardin
g rates, fees, and other cost informationINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGESAnnu
al Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases16.74% (Prime Rate + 11.99%), 18.74% (Prim
e Rate + 13.99%) or 20.74% (Prime Rate + 15.99%), based on your creditworthiness
 as determined at the time of account opening. This APR will vary with the marke
t based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74% (Prime Rate + 21.99%)This 
APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When It Ap
plies29.99% (Prime Rate + 25.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the
 Prime Rate.This APR will apply to your account if:1) You make 2 or more late pa
yments in a 12-month period;2) You do not pay the Minimum Payment due by the clo
sing date of the billing period in which it is due; or3) You make a payment that
 is returned.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied,
 it will apply for a minimum of 12 billing periods in a row, and will continue t
o apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments for
 12 billing periods in a row.Paying InterestYour due date is at least 25 days af
ter the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchas
es if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We will begin char
ging interest on cash advances on the transaction date.FeesAnnual Membership Fee
$0 for the first year, then $95Transaction Fees Cash AdvanceEither $5 or 3% of t
he amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign TransactionNonePena
lty Fees Late PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneReturned Payment$38How We Will Calcul
ate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new p
urchases.)"Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply 
the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 day
s after its Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%.Va
riable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The
 Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street 
Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use 
the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increas
es, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and hav
e a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting chang
es to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Varia
ble APRs are accurate as of 3/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card M
ember Agreement. By submitting this application, you, as an individual and the A
uthorizing Officer of the Company, (a) are requesting us to open an Account in t
he name of the Company, (b) are requesting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, 
(c) are agreeing to be jointly and severally liable with the Company for all cha
rges to the account, and (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACC
OUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified indiv
iduals 18 or over may be approved for a Card Account. This offer is available to
 US Residents. When you use the Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to
 the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you for the Acc
ount. The Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which impacts
 the opportunity to have claims related to the Account heard in court or resolve
d by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may 
change the terms of, or add new terms to, the Card Member Agreement at any time,
 subject to applicable law. We may apply any changed or new terms to any existin
g and future balances on your Account, subject to applicable law.    You promise
 that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize
 us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting age
ncies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information
 we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as perm
itted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer repo
rt and the name and address of the agency that provided it. Additional Cards: Yo
u must notify Additional Card Members that we may obtain, provide, and use infor
mation about them and that their use of your Account is subject to certain provi
sions of the Card Member Agreement. The maximum number of Additional Cards issue
d on each Account is 99. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each perso
n who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other in
formation that will allow us to verify your identity.   New York Residents: New 
York Residents may contact the New York state Department of Financial Services b
y telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card
 rates, fees, and grace periods. New York Department of Financial Services: 1-80
0-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govCash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Id
entification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. 
Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a 
letter confirming your PIN.Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in 
excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances fro
m month to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of t
hose permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to 
month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstand
ing balance, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discri
mination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit 
worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit hi
stories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission admini
sters compliance with this law. The Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Ca
rd is issued by an American Express bank. ©2018 American Express. All rights res
erved.POID GAO9:0001OFFER TERMSWelcome bonus offer not available to applicants w
ho have or have had this product.Up to $200 in Statement Credits If we in our so
le discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in con
nection with the welcome bonus offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for
 example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer (
s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account withi
n 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to
 meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit the statement credit to your acco
unt. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have w
ith us. To qualify for the $100 statement credit, you must make purchases with y
our Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card that total $1,000 or more (th
e "Threshold Amount") within your first 3 months of Card Membership, starting fr
om the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $1
,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Al
so, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a de
lay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs f
rom the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, th
e purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). The statement credit wil
l be applied approximately 8-12 weeks after the Threshold Amount is met. Purchas
es to meet the Threshold Amount do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance
 transfers, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloadin
g of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purch
ases of any cash equivalents. To qualify for the additional $100 statement credi
t (the "First Purchase Bonus"), you must use your Card to make a purchase direct
ly with a participating SPG® or Marriott Rewards® hotel, or a Marriott-branded r
etail establishment or SPG- or Marriott-branded online store that, in each case,
 is wholly owned by Marriott International, Inc. and its affiliates within your 
first 6 months of Card Membership, starting from the date your account is approv
ed. In rare instances, your period to make your first purchase directly with a p
articipating SPG® or Marriott Rewards® hotel may be shorter than 6 months if the
re is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 6 
month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions
 to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (
For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the good
s are shipped). For more information on participating SPG and Marriott Rewards h
otels, please visit starwoodhotels.com/preferredguest/legal/spg_terms.html and m
arriott.com/rewards/terms/default.mi. The statement credit will be applied appro
ximately 8-12 weeks after a qualifying purchase is made. Additional Card Members
 on your account are not eligible for these welcome bonus offers, but qualifying
 purchases to meet the Threshold Amount or to earn the First Purchase Bonus can 
be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Car
d Account. To receive each statement credit, your Card account must not be past 
due or cancelled at the time the statement credit is posted to your Card account
. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.Intr
oductory Annual FeeThe introductory annual fee for The Starwood Preferred Guest®
 Business Credit Card will be $0 for the first year of Card Membership. After th
at, the annual fee will be $95.BENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and services 
are subject to change or cancellation.Access to Sheraton® Club LoungeEffective A
ugust 1, 2018, complimentary access to the Sheraton® Club Lounge will no longer 
be offered through the Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card from Ameri
can Express.Before August 1, complimentary access to Sheraton® Club lounge will 
be available at select Sheraton Hotels &amp; Resorts for the duration of a Card 
Member's stay. Visit sheratonclubroom.com/find for a full listing of Sheraton® C
lub properties. This benefit is for Basic Card Members only on Starpoints-eligib
le rate reservations, including reservations made with Free Night Awards or Cash
 &amp; Points. Exclusions of Starpoints-eligible rate reservations might include
 rooms booked through a group rate as part of an event for which the SPG member 
does not directly pay the SPG participating hotel for such room; tour operator; 
or online travel channel or third-party channel, such as expedia.com, hotwire.co
m, priceline.com, orbitz.com, booking.com, Travelocity.com, ctrip.com or elong.c
om. A full description of Starpoint-eligible rates can be found at spg.com/terms
. Sheraton Club Lounge access is limited to the eligible Card Member and a guest
 staying in the same room for the duration of the stay, regardless of how many r
ooms have been reserved.Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 year
s old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.American Expres
s Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively
 to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Card
s). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid a
nd International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to ava
ilability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final
. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the s
ole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Me
mbers with disabilities.Connect to QuickBooksConnect to QuickBooks works with Qu
ickBooks Online and is available for use with Business Cards from American Expre
ss OPEN. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. I
ntuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of
 Intuit Inc.Credit For 5 Nights And 2 StaysFor accounts opened on or after Augus
t 1, 2018This benefit is not available for Card accounts opened on or after Augu
st 1, 2018.For accounts opened before August 1, 2018Upon opening your Card Accou
nt, you will receive from Starwood credit for 2 stays and 5 nights toward your S
tarwood Preferred Guest® elite status. To receive this benefit, your Card Accoun
t must be linked to an SPG member account in your name. This benefit is limited 
to one annual credit per Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card Account ("Starwoo
d Consumer Card Account"), and one annual credit per Starwood Preferred Guest® B
usiness Credit Card Account ("Starwood Business Card Account"). You will not rec
eive additional 2-stay or 5-night elite status credits if you have multiple Star
wood Consumer Card Accounts or additional Cards, and you will not receive additi
onal 2-stay or 5-night elite status credits if you have multiple Starwood Busine
ss Card Accounts or supplemental Cards. However, if you have both a Starwood Con
sumer Card Account and a Starwood Business Card Account, you can receive a maxim
um credit of 4 stays and 10 nights. Credits and status are subject to the Terms 
and Conditions of the SPG program. Beginning January 1, 2019, Card Members will 
no longer receive an annual credit for 5 nights and 2 stays toward Starwood Pref
erred Guest elite status each year with your Card. The 5 nights and 2 stays you 
have earned in 2018 as part of the 5 night 2 stay credit will still be eligible 
toward elite status.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card 
Member's favor.Earn SPG® Gold StatusEffective January 1, 2019: The purchase requ
irement to earn Gold Elite status is changing. Beginning in January 2019, if you
r total eligible purchases on your Starwood Preferred Guest Business Credit Card
 from American Express Card account total $35,000 or more in a calendar year, yo
u (the Basic Card Member) will be enrolled in Gold Elite status.If in any calend
ar year of Card Membership your total eligible purchases on your Starwood Prefer
red Guest Business Credit Card from American Express Card account reach $35,000,
 you (the Basic Card Member) will be enrolled in Gold Elite status. This upgrade
 to Gold Elite status benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member; howeve
r, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Members will contribute to the pur
chase requirement. Eligible purchases means purchases for goods and services min
us returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest
 charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purc
hases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, the purchase or reloading of pre
paid cards, and purchases of other cash equivalents.A calendar year is from Janu
ary 1 to December 31 regardless of when you open your Card Account. Allow 12-16 
weeks from the time your total eligible purchases reach $35,000 for your enrollm
ent in Gold Elite status to become effective.Your upgrade to Gold Elite status i
s valid for the remainder of the calendar year in which it was earned and the su
bsequent calendar year. Your enrollment will expire after that subsequent calend
ar year unless your eligible purchases during the next calendar year again quali
fies you for enrollment, or you qualify for Gold Elite status under the loyalty 
program terms.You cannot receive enrollment in Gold Elite status through this re
ward program if you are already enrolled at Gold Elite status or any higher stat
us.For more information about Gold Elite status and complete Terms and Condition
s, visit members.marriott.com.In order to receive Gold Elite status benefits at 
participating SPG® and Marriott Rewards® hotels, you will need to combine your l
oyalty member accounts online prior to arrival at the hotel. Log into spg.com an
d follow the prompts in order to combine your accounts.Earn StarpointsStarpoints
® are awarded by American Express as part of the Card's reward program. You will
 receive 2 Starpoints® from American Express for each U.S. dollar of eligible pu
rchases charged on your Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card from Amer
ican Express when charged directly with participating Starwood properties, stand
alone Starwood retail establishments, and Starwood online stores that, in each c
ase, are wholly owned by Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide, LLC (a subsidi
ary of Marriott International, Inc.) and its affiliates. You will also receive 2
 Starpoints from American Express for each U.S. dollar of eligible purchases cha
rged on your Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card from American Expres
s when charged directly with hotels participating in Marriott Rewards®, standalo
ne Marriott branded retail establishments, and Marriott branded online stores (i
ncluding online purchases of Marriott branded gift cards), that in each case, ar
e owned by Marriott International, Inc. and its affiliates. You will receive one
 Starpoint® from American Express for each U.S. dollar of all other eligible pur
chases charged on your Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card from Ameri
can Express.Effective 8/1/2018SPG® announced changes to its loyalty program begi
nning August 1, 2018. At the time of the program change, the Starpoint balance i
n a loyalty member account will convert to points at a 1:3 ratio (one Starpoint 
will convert to three points). The number of points needed to redeem in the loya
lty program will also have corresponding changes. Visit members.marriott.com for
 details.Beginning August 1, 2018 you will receive 2 points for each U.S. dollar
 of eligible purchases charged on your Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit
 Card from American Express.You will receive 2 additional points (for a total of
 4 points) for each U.S. dollar of eligible purchases charged on your Starwood P
referred Guest® Business Credit Card from American Express when charged directly
 at U.S. restaurants, at U.S. gas stations, on wireless telephone services purch
ased directly from U.S. service providers &amp; on U.S. purchases for shipping.Y
ou will receive 4 additional points (for a total of 6 points) for each U.S. doll
ar of eligible purchases charged on your Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Cred
it Card from American Express when charged directly with participating Starwood 
properties, stand-alone Starwood retail establishments, and Starwood online stor
es that, in each case, are wholly owned by Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwi
de, LLC (a subsidiary of Marriott International, Inc.) and its affiliates. You w
ill also receive 4 additional points (for a total of 6 points) from American Exp
ress for each U.S. dollar of eligible purchases charged on your Starwood Preferr
ed Guest® Business Credit Card from American Express when charged directly with 
hotels participating in Marriott Rewards®, stand-alone Marriott-branded retail e
stablishments, and Marriott-branded online stores (including online purchases of
 Marriott-branded gift cards) that, in each case, are owned by Marriott Internat
ional, Inc. and its affiliates.Eligible purchases means purchases for goods and 
services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees
 or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of traveler's 
checks, person-to-person payments, the purchase or reloading of prepaid cards, a
nd purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply.
 Points received from your Card will be posted to your loyalty member account up
 to 12 weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to receive points, Card
 Member's account must not be cancelled or in default at the time of bonus fulfi
llment.Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. A purchas
e will not earn additional points if the merchant's code is not eligible. Purcha
ses made through a third-party payment account or on an online marketplace (with
 multiple retailers) will not earn additional points. A purchase may not earn ad
ditional points if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless 
card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet.Employee Card Spending Limi
tsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be set up online or by calling the number on
 the back of your Card. The Spending Limit is not a guarantee that the Employee 
Card Member will be able to make purchases up to that limit. There are certain p
urchases where the limit does not apply, such as, for example, restaurant tips a
nd hotel stays extended beyond their original reservation period, and the overal
l Account capacity is taken into consideration. You agree to pay all Charges wit
hout regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not
 liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges an
d/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. For more informat
ion on the application of the limit, please refer to the Employee Card Spending 
Limits Terms and Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, which 
will also be provided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this feature.Entertain
ment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tic
kets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (including 
Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Exp
ress Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges 
apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackou
t dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed o
r revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events ma
y not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Free NightsStarpoints® red
eemed for a Free Night Award include the cost of a standard room and applicable 
taxes only. Some hotels may have mandatory service and resort charges. Please co
ntact hotel or resort for complete details. Starpoints required for a free night
 range from 2,000 Starpoints for a weekend night in a standard room at a Categor
y 1 property to 35,000 Starpoints for a high season night in a standard room at 
a Category 7 property. Category 7 properties that are all suites, villas, or hav
e mandatory board require higher Starpoints redemption. For complete information
 on reward stays, visit spg.com.Free Nights - No Blackout DatesNo blackout dates
 apply to Free Night Awards which apply to standard rooms only, as defined by ea
ch participating property; contact the property before booking to check availabi
lity.FX International Payments - SecureFX International Payments incorporates en
cryption, both for stored data (such as account information) and for payments cr
eated and transmitted in real-time. The FX International Payments platform is de
ployed within American Express' state of the art data center that features advan
ced online and offline security and monitoring against internet attacks. FX Inte
rnational Payments implements American Express standards relating to information
 integrity, transaction security and information security.FX International Payme
nts Live Exchange Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may not be available outsi
de of business hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)FX International Payments 
Terms and conditionsFX International Payments is a service of American Express T
ravel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service is not a
vailable to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required 
to complete an application which is subject to review and approval by American E
xpress. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 888-
391-9971. Transaction Waiver - General Cards If an OPEN Card Member applies for 
the FX International Payments service and is approved by American Express, Ameri
can Express will waive its transaction fee on foreign currency wire payments for
 6 months, and charge a transaction fee of $10 after the six month waiver period
 ends. This reduced fee may be discontinued by American Express at any time or i
n the event you cease to be an American Express OPEN Card Member. Wire payments 
in the same currency (e.g., USD to USD) are not eligible for this offer and are 
subject to a transaction fee (typically $35). Consult your FX International Paym
ents Sales Representative for more details. There is no minimum number of transa
ctions in order to qualify for this offer, but a minimum transaction size may ap
ply, depending on the type of currency of the wire payment. In some countries, t
he receiving bank may assess its own transaction fees on your wire payment. You 
recognize that, even if American Express does not charge you a transaction fee o
n your foreign currency wire payment, American Express may earn revenue from the
 foreign exchange transaction. Other fees may apply to products and services oth
er than foreign currency wire payments. Transaction Waiver - Platinum If an OPEN
 Business Platinum Card Member applies for the FX International Payments service
 and is approved by American Express, American Express will waive its transactio
n fee on foreign currency wire payments. This waiver may be discontinued by Amer
ican Express at any time or in the event you cease to be an American Express OPE
N Business Platinum Card Member. Wire payments in the same currency (e.g., USD t
o USD) are not eligible for this waiver and are subject to a transaction fee (ty
pically $35). Consult your FX International Payments Sales Representative for mo
re details. There is no minimum number of transactions in order to qualify for t
his waiver, but a minimum transaction size may apply, depending on the currency 
of the transaction. In some countries, the receiving bank may assess its own tra
nsaction fees on your wire payment. You recognize that, even if American Express
 does not charge you a transaction fee on your foreign currency wire payment, Am
erican Express may earn revenue from the foreign exchange transaction. Other fee
s may apply to products and services other than foreign currency wire payments. 
Click here for information about addressing complaints regarding our money servi
ces business, lists of our money services business licenses and other disclosure
s.FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of American Ex
press Travel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service i
s not available to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be re
quired to complete an application which is subject to review and approval by Ame
rican Express. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, ca
ll 888-391-9971.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination 
and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Expres
s, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service pro
viders. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Gold /Pla
tinum Status Late CheckoutSubject to availability at resort and conference cente
r hotels.Gold /Platinum Status Points EarnedA Gold Preferred Guest or Platinum P
referred Guest will earn one bonus Starpoint® (in addition to the standard two b
ase Starpoints) for eligible purchases at SPG® Participating Hotels for each U.S
. dollar or the currency equivalent that is incurred and paid for by the SPG mem
ber.No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign tran
saction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Car
d. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on f
oreign transactions.Premium on-property Internet AccessFor Basic Card Members on
ly on Starpoint® eligible rate reservations at SPG® Participating Hotels. Exclus
ions of Starpoint eligible rate reservations might include rooms booked through 
a group rate as part of an event and the SPG member does not directly pay the SP
G Participating Hotel for such room; through a tour operator; or through an onli
ne travel channel or third- party channel (such as expedia.com, hotwire.com, pri
celine.com, orbitz.com, booking.com, Travelocity.com, ctrip.com, or elong.com.) 
A full description of Starpoint eligible rates and SPG Participating Hotels can 
be found at spg.com/terms. The SPG member account number must be provided at the
 time of reservation and/or check-in. Premium Internet access is limited to one 
room per eligible Card Member per stay regardless of how many rooms have been re
served. No incremental benefit will be provided at SPG Participating Hotels that
 offer complimentary in-room Internet access to all guests. SPG Participating Ho
tels that have mandatory resort charges that include Internet access will provid
e a replacement benefit, to be determined at each SPG Participating Hotel's disc
retion.Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s
) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to
 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Ca
rd Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and 
handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they
 are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the me
rchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not elig
ible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, a
nd jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 U
nited States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin 
Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau
, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased i
tem to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Pr
otection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. Fo
r full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.Rewards Disclosure 
for Employee CardsTerms, conditions and restrictions vary by individual Card pro
ducts.Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispat
ch hotline that can send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency s
ituation. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge
, the Card Member will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operat
or or locksmith can provide the following services: towing, winching, jump start
s, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when 
key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are availabl
e when traveling within the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, 
Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present wit
h the eligible vehicle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental v
ehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10
,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unabl
e to provide you with coordination and assistance services in case of inclement 
weather or on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Locko
ut service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to add
itional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Condition
s, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.Seller of TravelAmerican
 Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales age
nt for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such
 suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions an
d other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provi
de incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.am
ericanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694
, Iowa TA#669.Spend ManagerSpend ManagerSM is a feature of American Express Busi
ness and Corporate Cards. American Express is not responsible for the completene
ss or accuracy of receipts displayed. Receipts will be stored until the earliest
 of the following: (1) seven years from the end of the year that the receipt was
 uploaded or (2) the date that your online account is closed. Notwithstanding th
e foregoing, American Express may delete or purge receipts for any reason in its
 sole discretion, with or without notice.Spend Manager and Connect to QuickBooks
Spend ManagerSM and Connect to QuickBooks® are two separate business tools avail
able with Business Cards from American Express OPEN that were created to work to
gether. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of 
receipts displayed in your QuickBooks. You must enroll in Connect to QuickBooks 
from your American Express online account. Connect to QuickBooks works with Quic
kBooks Online. For details about Spend ManagerSM, go to www.open.com/spendmanage
r. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit,
 the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intui
t Inc.Spend Manager Mobile AppThe Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available w
ith American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Not all functionality is avai
lable with Corporate Cards. The Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available on 
the App Store(R) and Google Play™. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademar
ks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a se
rvice mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.SPG Gold Statu
s - UpgradesChange to an enhanced room based upon availability at time of check-
in. Enhanced rooms are rooms on higher floors, corner rooms, newly renovated roo
ms and rooms with preferred views. Enhanced rooms do not include suites. Not off
ered at Aloft® and ElementSM hotels. Subject to availability for the entire leng
th of the stay, provided the room was booked on Starpoints- eligible rate and wa
s not booked through a prepaid, third-party channel, including priceline.com, ex
pedia.com, booking.com, orbitz.com, and elong.com.SPG MomentsSPG MomentsSM is an
 exclusive program for members of Starwood Preferred Guest where Starpoints® can
 be transformed into once-in-a-lifetime experiences. Events have included covete
d VIP tickets to the hottest concerts of the year, championship sporting events,
 and red carpet premieres. Members may use Starpoints to bid on or redeem for ex
periences at the spgmoments.com website. Offer based on first-come, first-served
 with limited space available or while supplies last. Starwood Employees are ine
ligible to use Starpoints for SPG Moments.SPG Platinum Status – UpgradesSubject 
to availability at check–in for the length of the stay, provided the room was no
t booked through a pre–paid third–party channel. Specialty Suites such as, but n
ot limited to, premium view, Presidential, Honeymoon, and multiple bedroom suite
s are excluded. This benefit does not apply to all–suite hotels. Best rooms are 
identified by each property and may not include upgraded Towers level accommodat
ions unless Towers level accommodations are booked originally. The upgrade benef
it is available for one room for the personal use of the Member only, regardless
 of the number of additional rooms purchased by the Member. This benefit is not 
offered at Aloft and Element properties.SPG® Airline Transfer ProgramParticipati
ng airlines and conversion rates are subject to change. See spg.com for full pro
gram details.SPG® Airline Transfer Program5,000 Starpoints® bonus is awarded onl
y when 20,000 Starpoints are transferred as part of the same transaction. For a 
list of participating airlines, transfer ratios, and full program details, go to
 spg.com. Participating airlines and transfer ratios are subject to change. Chec
k with your frequent flyer program for details on redemption of airline miles.SP
G® Elite StatusUpon opening your Card Account and, by February 15th of each subs
equent calendar year it is open, you will receive from Starwood credit for 2 sta
ys and 5 nights towards your Starwood Preferred Guest® elite status. To receive 
this benefit, your Card Account must be linked to an SPG member account in your 
name. This benefit is limited to one annual credit per Starwood Preferred Guest®
 Credit Card Account (“Starwood Consumer Card Account”), and one annual credit p
er Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card Account (“Starwood Business Ca
rd Account”). You will not receive additional 2 stay or 5 night elite status cre
dits if you have multiple Starwood Consumer Card Accounts or additional Cards, a
nd you will not receive additional 2 stay or 5 night elite status credits if you
 have multiple Starwood Business Card Accounts or supplemental Cards. However, i
f you have both a Starwood Consumer Card Account and a Starwood Business Card Ac
count, you can receive a maximum credit of 4 stays and 10 nights. Credits and st
atus are subject to the Terms and Conditions of the SPG program.Starwood Brand T
rademarksStarpoints, SPG, Preferred Guest, Sheraton®, Westin®, St. Regis®, The L
uxury Collection®, W®, Le Méridien®, Design Hotels™, Tribute Portfolio™, Element
SM, Aloft®, Four Points® and their respective logos are trademarks of Marriott I
nternational, Inc., or its affiliates.The Boingo American Express Preferred Plan
Complimentary access to Boingo Wi–Fi is being provided as a benefit to Card Memb
ers with eligible Cards. In order to access the benefit, Card Members with eligi
ble Cards must first be authenticated and create a Boingo American Express Prefe
rred Plan (or, the “AXP Plan”) account. Internet access may be required in order
 to be authenticated and create an account. For questions on eligibility, call t
he number on the back of your Card. If you submit your American Express Card num
ber to Boingo to verify that your Card is eligible for this benefit, Boingo will
 send your Card number to American Express. Upon receipt of your Card number fro
m Boingo, American Express will provide confirmation of your Card‘s eligibility 
for the American Express Preferred Plan to Boingo. Boingo will not store or use 
your Card number for any other purpose. Boingo‘s use of this information is subj
ect to its privacy policy.If you have an existing paid Boingo subscription plan,
 your existing plan will not be automatically cancelled when you enroll in the A
XP Plan. If you would like to cancel any existing paid subscription plan, call B
oingo‘s dedicated AXP Plan line. The AXP Plan only provides access to land–based
 Wi–Fi services and does not include in–flight Wi–Fi. Available hotspots in Boin
go‘s network, including those managed and operated by Boingo and its partners (“
Boingo‘s Network”) are subject to change at any time. Visit http://wifi.boingo.c
om to locate hotspots. Your use of Boingo‘s Wi–Fi services is subject to Boingo‘
s End User License Agreement and Customer Agreement and other applicable terms a
nd conditions, including Boingo‘s privacy and security policies, available at ww
w.boingo.com. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Boingo‘s ter
ms and conditions, American Express Card Members with eligible Cards (i) will no
t be charged for enrollment in the AXP Plan, and (ii) will be permitted to conne
ct no more than four devices to Boingo‘s Network per month. Simultaneous use of 
devices with a single account is limited to a hotspot. By subscribing for this b
enefit, you acknowledge that American Express is not responsible for and does no
t guarantee the quality, security, coverage or availability of Boingo‘s Network 
or the free Wi–Fi hotspots accessed through the Wi–Finder App. You agree that us
e of Wi–Fi accessed through Boingo is at your own risk. Use of the AXP Plan is l
imited to authorized Card Members only. This benefit is non–transferable, it is 
your responsibility to ensure that no one else has access to your account detail
s. Your account may be terminated for breach of any terms or conditions or for a
buse of your AXP Plan account.From time to time, Boingo may request that you re–
authenticate your Boingo American Express Preferred Plan account in order to con
firm that you are still a Card Member with an eligible Card. You can receive ale
rts and connect seamlessly to Boingo by downloading the Wi–Finder App to your la
ptop, tablet and mobile devices. This benefit is subject to change or cancellati
on without notice.Year–End SummaryThe Online Year–End Summary, typically availab
le in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through 
December 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important 
information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insu
rance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Admi
nistrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0
400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten 
by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000
107. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated Sta
tes of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Co
verage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies ap
plicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does n
ot supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fa
re for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your el
igible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common
 Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Ca
rd or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or America
n Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form o
f payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all 
or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary co
verage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance t
hat you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed wi
th the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BI
Pterms.Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance 
is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ un
der Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For 
residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insuran
ce Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not availa
ble to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Isl
ands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the ter
ms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is su
bject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Po
licies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rent
ed from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies t
hat allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not c
over some vehicles, e.g off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as descr
ibed in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This
 means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have
. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cove
r such things as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury 
to other persons, or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and C
onditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty
 is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ u
nder Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For re
sidents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance
 Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not availabl
e to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islan
ds, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the term
s, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is sub
ject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Pol
icy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warra
nty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original war
ranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we prov
ide one additional year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one y
ear and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be ref
unded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damag
e as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and 
their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to th
e amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of U
SD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per
 calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which c
ase we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions,
 see americanexpress.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is under
written by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Poli
cy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents o
f GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited,
 Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to resi
dents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau
 and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditi
ons, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to ch
ange with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipp
ing and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases 
are not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items
 and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear.
 Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount ch
arged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; no
t to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be requir
ed to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for tha
t shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays el
igible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms 
and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel 
Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Off
ice, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Poli
cy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine
 Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111. This benefit is n
ot available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Mar
shall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined b
y the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card 
and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or repla
ce the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Commo
n Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare
 means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use yo
ur Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination wit
h American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Point
s program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent fl
yer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you
 will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For res
idents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good sta
nding on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms an
d Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.