PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO READ IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT RATES, FEES, AND OTHER CO
ST INFORMATION BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION.Important information regardin
g rates, fees, and other cost informationPayment InformationFeesAnnual Membershi
p Fee$0 for the first year, then $175Transaction Fees Foreign TransactionNonePen
alty Fees Late Payment$38 or 2.99% of any past due Pay in Full amount, whichever
 is greater.Returned Payment$38 TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member A
greement. By submitting this application, you, as an individual and the Authoriz
ing Officer of the Company, (a) are requesting us to open an Account in the name
 of the Company, (b) are requesting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, (c) are
 agreeing to be jointly and severally liable with the Company for all charges to
 the account, and (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WI
LL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified individuals 
18 or over may be approved for a Card Account. This offer is available to US Res
idents. When you use the Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the te
rms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you for the Account. T
he Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which impacts the op
portunity to have claims related to the Account heard in court or resolved by a 
jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change 
the terms of, or add new terms to, the Card Member Agreement at any time, subjec
t to applicable law. We may apply any changed or new terms to any existing and f
uture balances on your Account, subject to applicable law.    You promise that t
he information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to 
verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. 
You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we hav
e about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted b
y law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and 
the name and address of the agency that provided it. Additional Cards: You must 
notify Additional Card Members that we may obtain, provide, and use information 
about them and that their use of your Account is subject to certain provisions o
f the Card Member Agreement. The maximum number of Additional Cards issued on ea
ch Account is 99. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institu
tions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who o
pens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other informati
on that will allow us to verify your identity.   Notice to Delaware Residents: S
ervice charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the ou
tstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service char
ges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding b
alances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up t
o your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Oh
io laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally av
ailable to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maint
ain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil ri
ghts commission administers compliance with this law. The Business Gold Rewards 
Card from American Express OPEN is issued by an American Express bank. ©2018 Ame
rican Express. All rights reserved.POID GA3S:0001OFFER TERMSWelcome bonus offer 
not available to applicants who have or have had this product.Earn statement cre
dits for 3 months of G Suite, up to $1,500Earn dollar-for-dollar statement credi
ts for purchases of G Suite on your Card during your first 3 months of Card Memb
ership up to $1,500 total starting from the date your account is approved. State
ment Credits will be given in the amount of one or more transactions for the pur
chase of G Suite. Please allow up to 90 days after a qualifying G Suite purchase
 is charged to your Card account for the statement credit(s) to be posted to the
 account. You must be enrolled in G Suite, add your Card to your G Suite billing
 profile, and use your Card for G Suite purchases during your first 3 months of 
Card Membership to be eligible. If American Express does not receive information
 that identifies your transaction as qualifying for the offer, you will not rece
ive the statement credit. For example, your transaction will not qualify if it i
s not made directly with the merchant. In addition, in most cases, you may not r
eceive the statement credit if your transaction is made with an electronic walle
t or through a third party. Note that American Express may not receive informati
on about your qualifying purchase from merchant until all items from your qualif
ying purchase have been provided by merchant. To earn statement credits, your Ca
rd Account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment of any of
fers. Qualifying G Suite purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any 
Employee Card Members on a single Card Account, but statement credit(s) will be 
applied to the Basic Card Member's account only. Offer only valid for G Suite pu
rchased from Google directly and not valid for any other Google Cloud or Google 
purchases.   Earn 50,000 Membership Rewards® points after you spend $5,000 in qu
alifying purchases on the Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership To 
be eligible to earn additional points, you must charge $5,000 of qualifying purc
hases * during the first 3 months of membership on an eligible Business Gold Rew
ards Card from American Express OPEN. Qualifying purchases can be made by the Ba
sic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card Account. Limit 
one offer per Card Account. Offer may not be combined with any other special off
er. You can earn 50,000 Membership Rewards points after you spend $5,000 or more
 in qualifying purchases on your Card within your first 3 months of Card Members
hip starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your per
iod to spend $5,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receivin
g your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some case
s, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase
 date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy g
oods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). The 50,00
0 additional points will be credited to your Membership Rewards account 8-12 wee
ks after you have met the purchase requirement If we in our sole discretion dete
rmine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the w
elcome bonus offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you a
pplied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer (s) that we did not
 intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after 
acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshol
d Amount), we may not credit Membership Rewards to, we may freeze Membership Rew
ards credited to, or we may take away Membership Rewards from your account. We m
ay also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us. A
merican Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time. Your a
ccount must be in good standing and not in default at the time of fulfillment of
 any offers. *Qualifying purchases are purchases for goods and services. Qualify
ing purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, purchases of travelers ch
ecks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards; person-t
o-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and 
restrictions apply. Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program app
ly. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partne
rs and available rewards are subject to change without notice. The value of Memb
ership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn m
ore, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.Introductory Annual Fee  The int
roductory annual fee for the Business Gold Rewards Card will be $0 for the first
 year of Card Membership. After that, the annual fee will be $175.BENEFIT TERMST
he following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.Account
 ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing A
ddress and Social Security Number.American Express Preferred SeatingEligible Car
ds  Preferred Seating is available to American Express® Gold Card, Platinum Card
®, Centurion® Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card, Delta Reserve Credit C
ard from American Express, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card, Delta 
Reserve for Business Credit Card from American Express, American Express® Corpor
ate Gold Card, Corporate Platinum Card®, Corporate Centurion Card® from American
 Express, and the Executive Business Card, Business Gold Card, Business Platinum
 Card® and Business Centurion® Card from American Express OPEN, if issued by Ame
rican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., an American Express bank.  
Tickets available through the American Express Preferred Seating program are ava
ilable exclusively for qualifying Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets mu
st be purchased with an eligible American Express Card. Standard service charges
 apply. Tickets are subject to availability and apply to select events. Availabi
lity will vary by performance based on prior sales. Not all seats are available 
and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may b
e changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Som
e events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.  Redemption In
formation To redeem an American Express Preferred Seating offer, Domestic Card M
embers, please proceed to purchase your ticket through any primary ticketing cha
nnel including online, mobile, phone or at an outlet or box office authorized fo
r the event and provide the 10-digit Customer Service phone number located on th
e back of your Card when prompted. International Card Members, please enter your
 promotional code. If you are a Domestic Card Member, for more information on Pr
eferred Seating, please call 1-800-448-TIKS or visit americanexpress.com/enterta
inment. If you are an International Card Member, please call the customer servic
e number located on the back of your Card. International inquiries will not be s
erviced on the U.S. 800 number listed above.American Express Presale(s)During th
e specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Expr
ess® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be p
urchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Card
s). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all se
ats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exch
anges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of Ame
rican Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabiliti
es.Business Gold Rewards Card Choice/321With your Business Gold Rewards Card fro
m American Express, you get at least one Membership Rewards® point for each doll
ar you spend on your Card for eligible purchases. For the first $100,000 in elig
ible spending in each calendar year in each of the five categories specified bel
ow, you can get additional points, as follows: you can get: (1) 2 additional poi
nts (for a total of 3 points) in one category of your choice from the five categ
ories specified below; and (2) 1 additional point (for a total of 2 points) in t
he remaining four categories. The five categories are: (1) airfare on a schedule
d flight charged directly with passenger airlines (charter flights and private j
et flights are excluded); (2) advertising purchased in the U.S. to promote your 
business online, on television, or on the radio; (3) gasoline at gas stations lo
cated in the U.S. (superstores, supermarkets and warehouse clubs that sell gasol
ine are not considered gas stations); (4) shipping services purchased in the U.S
. for courier, postal, and freight; and (5) computer hardware, software, and clo
ud computing purchases in the U.S. made directly from select providers. (The cur
rent list of select computer hardware, software, and cloud computing providers i
s available at: americanexpress.com/rewards-info.) Eligible purchases in excess 
of $100,000 in the applicable category in a calendar year will receive only one 
point for each dollar spent on eligible purchases. You may select the category i
n which to receive 3X points within the first two months of becoming a Card Memb
er. Thereafter, you can change your selection only once during the annual select
ion period which runs from December 1st to January 31st each year. You can only 
change your category once annually. You can make your category selection by eith
er calling the number on the back of your Card or going to open.com/businessgold
. If you do not make a selection during the initial enrollment period, you will 
receive 3X points on airfare purchased directly from airlines. If you do not cha
nge your election during the annual selection period, your category will remain 
the same as the previous year. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account 
Manager with Full Access may make the selection and their selection will apply t
o purchases made by all Card Members on the account.Eligible purchases are purch
ases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases 
do NOT include fees or interest charges, purchases of travelers checks, purchase
s or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additio
nal terms and restrictions apply.Merchants are assigned codes based on what they
 primarily sell. A purchase will not receive additional points if the merchant’s
 code is not eligible. Purchases made through third-parties (including resellers
 and online marketplaces) or through a third-party payment account will not rece
ive additional points. A purchase may not receive additional points if the merch
ant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a 
mobile or digital wallet.Connect to QuickBooksConnect to QuickBooks works with Q
uickBooks Online and is available for use with Business Cards from American Expr
ess OPEN. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. 
Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks o
f Intuit Inc.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member'
s favor.Employee Card Spending LimitsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be set up
 online or by calling the number on the back of your Card. The Spending Limit is
 not a guarantee that the Employee Card Member will be able to make purchases up
 to that limit. There are certain purchases where the limit does not apply, such
 as, for example, restaurant tips and hotel stays extended beyond their original
 reservation period, and the overall Account capacity is taken into consideratio
n. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a l
imit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a lim
it is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed tha
t exceed a limit. For more information on the application of the limit, please r
efer to the Employee Card Spending Limits Terms and Conditions at www.americanex
press.com/spendlimits/terms, which will also be provided when you enroll Employe
e Card(s) in this feature.Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. Dur
ing the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all America
n Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets mus
t be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and Internationa
l Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not 
all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. N
o exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion 
of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disa
bilities.Extra Membership Rewards® points at amextravel.com2x Points Membership 
Rewards-enrolled Card Members get at least 1 Membership Rewards® point for every
 eligible dollar spent on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Exp
ress® Card. Those same Card Members will also get at least 1 additional point fo
r each dollar of eligible travel purchases made on amextravel.com on their Membe
rship Rewards program-enrolled American Express Card. Eligible travel purchases 
include all travel purchases made with your Membership Rewards program-enrolled 
American Express® Card on amextravel.com, including air, prepaid hotels, vacatio
n packages (flight + hotel packages) or cruise reservations, minus returns and o
ther credits. Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members are only eligible for 
1 additional point on cruise reservations. Eligible travel purchases do NOT incl
ude car reservations, non-prepaid hotels, ticketing service or other fees, or in
terest charges. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase categor
ies or in connection with promotions or offers from American Express may not be 
combined with this offer, such as 5X bonuses for Platinum and Business Platinum 
Card Members. Any portion of a charge that you elect to cover through redemption
 of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to receive points. If you have an 
Amex EveryDay Card product, additional points awarded under this offer will not 
be included in the extra points benefit. Additional points will be credited to t
he Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after final payment is made.FX Interna
tional Payments - SecureFX International Payments incorporates encryption, both 
for stored data (such as account information) and for payments created and trans
mitted in real-time. The FX International Payments platform is deployed within A
merican Express' state of the art data center that features advanced online and 
offline security and monitoring against internet attacks. FX International Payme
nts implements American Express standards relating to information integrity, tra
nsaction security and information security.FX International Payments Live Exchan
ge Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may not be available outside of business 
hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX International
 Payments is a service of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.
 ("American Express"). This service is not available to consumers. To enroll in 
the service, your business will be required to complete an application which is 
subject to review and approval by American Express. For a copy of the applicatio
n, including terms and conditions, call 888-391-9971.Global Assist® HotlineWhile
 Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no a
dditional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the cos
ts charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see 
americanexpress.com/GAterms.Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying
 prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same h
otel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower pri
ce online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim mu
st be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Rat
e Guaranteed" policy applies only to online rates available to the general publi
c and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general publ
ic, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention
, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel roo
ms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon 
promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms b
ooked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel unti
l your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusiv
e packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, me
als, or entertainment, and (4) rates booked through the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORT
S program. DetailsMembership Rewards® Pay With PointsTo use Pay with Points, you
 must charge your eligible purchase through American Express Travel or through a
 Pay with Points authorized travel agency to a Membership Rewards® program-enrol
led American Express® Card. Eligible purchases through American Express Travel o
r through a Pay with Points authorized Travel agency exclude car reservations an
d non-prepaid hotels. Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards accoun
t, and credit for corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Exp
ress Card account used. If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balan
ce of purchase price will remain on the American Express Card account. Minimum r
edemption 5,000 points. See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewar
ds program terms and conditions. If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay
 Over Time feature balance on your Linked Account (for example, the Extended Pay
ment Option), the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applie
d to that Pay Over Time feature balance. Instead the statement credit may be app
lied to your Pay in Full balance. If you believe this has occurred, please conta
ct us by calling the number on the back of your Card.Membership Rewards® Program
Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membership
rewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partners and available rew
ards are subject to change without notice. The value of Membership Rewards point
s varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membe
rshiprewards.com/pointsinfo.Membership Rewards® Program - Transfer PointsEnrollm
ent in a participating Frequent Flyer or Frequent Guest program is required. Air
line tickets and guest rooms are subject to availability. For each conversion of
 points into the Frequent Flyer program of a U.S. airline, a fee of $0.0006 per 
point, with a maximum fee of $99, will be charged to your Card account. We charg
e this fee to offset the federal excise tax we must pay on such conversions. The
 fee may be more or less than the actual amount of the excise tax we pay on any 
individual conversion. We may offer you the option to redeem points to cover thi
s fee.No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign tr
ansaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your C
ard. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on
 foreign transactions.No Interest ChargesIf you become eligible, you may be give
n the option to extend payment over time on certain charges using our Pay Over T
ime feature(s). If you use these features, you may accrue interest on any charge
s you choose to pay over time.No Preset Spending LimitNo preset spending limit d
oes not mean unlimited spending. Purchasing power adjusts with your use of the C
ard, your payment history, credit record and financial resources known to us, an
d other factors.Premium Roadside AssistancePremium Roadside Assistance provides 
the following services at no additional cost up to 4 times per calendar year whe
n Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle: towing up to 10 miles, winch
ing, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockou
t service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Card M
ember will be charged for the costs of towing in excess of 10 miles and any othe
r additional services. Coverage is available in the 50 United States, the Distri
ct of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. This product do
es not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicen
sed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other im
portant exclusions apply. In case of inclement weather, we may be unable to prov
ide you with services. Services may not be available or may be at the cost of th
e Card Member on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lo
ckout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to 
additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Condit
ions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.Return ProtectionRetu
rn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eli
gible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up t
o $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calend
ar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purch
ase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchas
e condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were 
originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motori
zed vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important 
exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the
 District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Fed
erated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana 
Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we 
will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to addit
ional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions,
 see americanexpress.com/RPterms.Rewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, con
ditions and restrictions vary by individual Card products.Seller of TravelAmeric
an Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales a
gent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of su
ch suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions 
and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also pro
vide incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.
americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-6
94, Iowa TA#669.Spend ManagerSpend ManagerSM is a feature of American Express Bu
siness and Corporate Cards. American Express is not responsible for the complete
ness or accuracy of receipts displayed. Receipts will be stored until the earlie
st of the following: (1) seven years from the end of the year that the receipt w
as uploaded or (2) the date that your online account is closed. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, American Express may delete or purge receipts for any reason in i
ts sole discretion, with or without notice.Spend Manager and Connect to QuickBoo
ksSpend ManagerSM and Connect to QuickBooks® are two separate business tools ava
ilable with Business Cards from American Express OPEN that were created to work 
together. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy o
f receipts displayed in your QuickBooks. You must enroll in Connect to QuickBook
s from your American Express online account. Connect to QuickBooks works with Qu
ickBooks Online. For details about Spend ManagerSM, go to www.open.com/spendmana
ger. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intui
t, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Int
uit Inc.Spend Manager Mobile AppThe Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available
 with American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Not all functionality is av
ailable with Corporate Cards. The Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available o
n the App Store(R) and Google Play™. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are tradem
arks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a 
service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.The Hotel Co
llectionThe Hotel Collection: Valid for new bookings with participating provider
s of at least two consecutive nights made through Platinum Travel Service, Busin
ess Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Service,amextravel.com or any Amer
ican Express Travel location. Available only for the following U.S. American Exp
ress Card Members: Consumer and Business Gold Card Members, and Business Gold Re
wards Card Members, Consumer and Business Platinum Card ® Members and Consumer a
nd Business Centurion® Members (“Eligible Card Members”). The term “Eligible Car
d Members” does not include Gold and Platinum Credit Card Members such as Gold D
elta SkyMiles® Card Members. Payment must be made in full with an American Expre
ss Card in the Eligible Card Member's name. Eligible Card Member must travel on 
itinerary booked. Eligible Card Member will receive hotel credit upon checkout e
qual to $1 for each eligible dollar spent, up to $75, which amount will be credi
ted upon check-out based on qualifying charges made by the Eligible Card Member 
excluding charges for taxes, gratuities, fees and cost of room. Additional exclu
sions based on specific hotel restrictions may also apply (including without lim
itation purchases within the hotel that are unaffiliated and/or owned by third p
arties) – see applicable hotel front desk for details. Credit cannot be carried 
over to another stay, is not redeemable for cash and expires at check-out. Credi
t is non-exchangeable and non-refundable and is applied in USD or equivalent in 
local currency based on exchange rate on day of arrival. May not be combined wit
h other offers or programs unless indicated. Limit one credit per room, per stay
. Room upgrade is based on availability and eligibility at check-in. Three-room 
limit per Eligible Card Member per stay; back-to-back stays within a 24-hour per
iod at the same property are considered one stay. Hotel nightly rates vary by pr
operty, dates, room category and occupancy. Participating providers and benefits
 are subject to change. For bookings made on amextravel.com, eligible Card Membe
rs receive Double Points on each The Hotel Collection booking or can use Pay wit
h Points.Tier One Program TermsLast Modified: January 2018 Tier One(R) Program T
he Tier One Program (the “Program”) offers additional benefits to certain busine
ss customers of American Express that (1) meet the Eligibility Requirements set 
forth below and (2) are selected by American Express to participate in the Progr
am for the upcoming program year (April - March, a “Program Year”). Program bene
fits will be determined by American Express in its sole discretion and may vary 
from year to year. Eligibility Requirements In order to be considered for the Pr
ogram, a business must: be the business named on one or more U.S.- issued Busine
ss Charge Cards or Corporate Cards from American Express; have its billing addre
ss in the United States (including the District of Columbia, American Samoa, Arm
ed Forces Pacific, Federated States of Micronesia, Guam, Marshall Islands, North
ern Mariana Islands, Palau, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands);  not have
 been enrolled in the American Express CARE Program, or any other hardship progr
am with American Express, nor have been subject to a Responsible Lending Action 
by American Express, during the previous calendar year (the preceding January 1 
– December 31, the “Previous Year”); not have any transitional recovery products
 from American Express during the Previous Year; not have any Business Card acco
unt that has been 30 days or more past due during the Previous Year; not have an
y Corporate Card program, Business Travel Account or Buyer Initiated Payment pro
gram with total 30 day or more past due balances exceeding 10% of total outstand
ing balance and exceeding $5,000 in total during the Previous Year;  have made e
ligible purchases* totaling $5 million or more in the aggregate in the Previous 
Year, across all of its American Express U.S.-issued: Business Charge Card and B
usiness Credit Card Accounts (including purchases made by Additional Card Member
s), Corporate Card Accounts, and Business Travel Accounts, and through the Ameri
can Express Buyer Initiated Payments platform in the U.S. (the “Spending Require
ment”).  *Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns 
and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, b
alance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or rel
oading of prepaid cards, Purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, or 
purchases of other cash equivalents. Product features vary. Not all of the foreg
oing transactions are available on every product that may be used to meet the Sp
ending Requirement.  We use the date of purchase to determine whether a purchase
 was made during the Previous Year. A date of purchase may sometimes be differen
t from the date on which you made the transaction. For example, if you buy goods
 online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped. Also, if you u
se your Card while traveling (such as on a hotel or car rental), the purchase da
te may be the date you complete that travel. The foregoing are the “Eligibility 
Requirements”.Selection At the beginning of each calendar year, American Express
 will (1) determine which businesses met the Eligibility Requirements in the Pre
vious Year, and, from that group, (2) identify the businesses that American Expr
ess, in its sole discretion, considers to be part of its middle market customer 
segment in the U.S. (“Eligible Middle Market Customers”). All Eligible Middle Ma
rket Customers will be included in the Program for the next Program Year, or unt
il their participation in the Program is terminated in accordance with these Pro
gram Terms.  Termination of Tier One Status A business’s participation in the Pr
ogram will automatically terminate upon the termination of its last American Exp
ress U.S. Business Charge Card or Corporate Card account, or at the end of the P
rogram Year if the business is not selected for the Program for the following Pr
ogram Year in accordance with these Program Terms. American Express may, in its 
sole discretion, terminate a business’s participation in the Program by written 
notice during the Program Year. American Express will have no further liability 
or obligation under the Program upon termination of a business’s participation i
n the Program. Participation in the Program, will not affect American Express’s 
maintenance of all Card accounts in accordance with its consistently applied ris
k policies and practices, including but not limited to underwriting decisions su
ch as increasing or reducing spend capacity or lines of credit, and terminating 
accounts.  Interpretation Decisions of American Express with respect to the inte
rpretation and application of these Program Terms – including decisions about a 
business’s eligibility for the Program – will be made by American Express in its
 sole discretion. If you have questions about your business’s eligibility for th
e Program, please call the number on the back of your Business Card or contact 1
-888-800-8564. Modification of Tier One Program Terms American Express reserves 
the right to modify these Program Terms at any time. We will indicate that chang
es have been made by updating the “Last Modified” date above. Your continued par
ticipation in the Program after the Program Terms have been modified constitutes
 your agreement to the modified Program Terms. MODIFICATION &amp; CANCELLATION O
F THE PROGRAM American Express reserves the right to modify or cancel the Progra
m at any time at its discretion without prior notice or liability to you.Using P
oints for ChargesUsing Points for Your Charges is only available to Basic Consum
er and OPEN Card Members enrolled in the U.S. Membership Rewards® program. Addit
ional Card Members, Authorized Additional Card Members, and Corporate Card Membe
rs are not eligible. Account managers and Rewards managers may be eligible to us
e points by calling the number on the back of your Card but are not eligible to 
use points online. All Linked Card Accounts must be not be canceled, past due or
 have a returned payment outstanding. A minimum of 1,000 Membership Rewards poin
ts in your program Account is required and you may use Membership Rewards points
 only toward the entire amount of an eligible charge. American Express will pres
ent the eligible charges you can use points towards, and we may change which cha
rges are eligible at any time without notice. American Express is under no oblig
ation to make charges available for redemption using Membership Rewards points. 
For each transaction, points will be debited immediately from your Membership Re
wards program Account and a credit will be issued to your Linked Card Account fo
r the corresponding dollar amount within 48 hours. Credits processed after the C
ard Account‘s statement closing date will appear in the following billing period
. You are responsible for payment of the amount due on your Card Account by the 
due date even after using this feature. To learn about this feature and redeem p
oints online, visit membershiprewards.com/yourcharges. (Please note that the spe
cial mobile redemption offer referenced in this email is limited to mobile redem
ptions and is not valid for online or other redemption channels.)Year–End Summar
yThe Online Year–End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges p
osted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.A
MEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on policy terms, go t
o americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan 
is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ un
der Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For re
sidents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance
 Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not availabl
e to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islan
ds, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms
, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subj
ect to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Poli
cies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier
 (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means th
e full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic 
or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with America
n Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program
 for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles
 or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not
 be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligib
le benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage
, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full T
erms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Rental Loss and Damage
 InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance
 Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-
PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan 
is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under P
olicy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samo
a, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outl
ying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of
 the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This
 document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the 
first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverag
e is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out
 their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g off-road 
vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions.
 This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits 
not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision
 damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you,
 any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to o
ther vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.co
m/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assuranc
e Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953
-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is
 underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Pol
icy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa,
 Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outly
ing Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of 
the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This 
document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend
 the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years o
r less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacture
r's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year if the or
iginal manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping and 
handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not 
covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster
, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important excl
usions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible
 Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to
 exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be requir
ed to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for tha
t shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.
Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company
, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Poli
cy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwri
tten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB0
00000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federate
d States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Island
s. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Polici
es applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document d
oes not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the pu
rchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost 
by Card Member, consumable and perishable items and motorized vehicles and their
 parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply
. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; cove
rage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Memb
er account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to 
us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product pro
vides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any p
rimary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpre
ss.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritte
n by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0
948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU a
nd MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagat
na, Guam under CRCB000000111. This benefit is not available to residents of Amer
ican Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US M
inor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and excl
usions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with not
ice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you
 must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, shi
p, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a C
overed Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Membe
r's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rew
ards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If
 you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another 
program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read
 important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for 
claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that m
aintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress
.com/TAIterms.