Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and other cost information before submitting your application.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATION
INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
15.74% to 24.74%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Balance Transfers
15.74% to 24.74% APR on balance transfers requested within 60 days of account opening based on your creditworthiness and other factors.

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances
25.24%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Penalty APR and When it Applies
29.24%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

This APR may be applied to new transactions on your account if:
1) you make one or more late payments; or
2) your payment is returned by your bank

We may also consider your creditworthiness in determining whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.

How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.
Paying Interest
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your entire balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance transfers on the transaction date.
Plan Fee
(Fixed Finance Charge)
Up to 1.19% of each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would otherwise apply to the purchase and other factors.
For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore
Fees
Annual Membership Fee
$0 for the first year, then $99
Transaction Fees
  Balance Transfer
Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
Cash Advance
Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Foreign Transaction
None
Penalty Fees
  Late Payment
Up to $40
Returned Payment
Up to $40
Overlimit
None


How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."
Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Payment Due Date.

The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%.
Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of [CURRENT_DATE].
TERMS AND CONDITIONS

View the full Card Member Agreement .

By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.
You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.
When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding.
We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership.
Additional Cards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with them.
Cash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.
The trademarks Delta, SkyMiles, and the Delta logo are exclusive property of Delta Air Lines, Inc. The trademarks are registered, or registrations are applied for, in countries of the world served by Delta. © 2020. All SkyMiles program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Offers void where prohibited by law. Offers are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.
Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.
Balance Transfers:
Only balance transfers from accounts in your name requested within 60 days from the date of account opening will be approved. We will charge your Card account for the total approved amount of all balance transfers. Each balance transfer will reduce your available credit just like any other transaction. You may not request a balance transfer amount less than $100. You may request a balance transfer up to the eligible balance transfer amount.

The eligible balance transfer amount will be
i) less than your credit limit;
ii) determined based on your creditworthiness and other factors including your account history with American Express; and
iii) provided to you after your application has been approved.

We will not initiate any balance transfer until at least ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card Member Agreement to you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a balance transfer. Please be sure to make all required payments on any account from which you are transferring a balance until the balance transfer is credited to that account. You authorize us to verify the balance of such accounts. You may not transfer balances from any account issued by American Express or any of its affiliates. Additional Card Members may not request or authorize balance transfers.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Department of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov
Notice to California Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.
Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.


The Delta SkyMiles® Gold American Express Card is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2020 American Express National Bank.
POID GEZ0:0002
OFFER TERMS
Welcome offer not available to applicants who have or have had this or previous versions of this Card. We may also consider the number of American Express Cards you have opened and closed as well as other factors in making a decision on your welcome offer eligibility.
35,000 Bonus Miles
To qualify for the 35,000 bonus miles, you must make eligible purchases with your Delta SkyMiles® Gold American Express Card that total $1,000 or more (the "Threshold Amount") within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $1,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Miles will be credited to your account 8-12 weeks after you reach the Threshold Amount. If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome offer(s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit the bonus miles to your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us.
Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases to meet the spend requirement do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of any cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account are not eligible for this offer. To receive the 35,000 bonus miles, your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment.
American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.
Annual Fee
The introductory annual fee for the Delta SkyMiles® Gold American Express Card will be $0 for the first year of Card Membership. After that, the annual fee will be $99.
BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.
$100 Delta Flight Credit
If, in any calendar year, eligible purchases on your Delta SkyMiles Gold Card account total $10,000 or more, you will receive a $100 Delta eCredit (the "Credit") that can be used toward a Delta flight purchase. A Delta flight purchase is limited to purchases of Delta-marketed flights made on delta.com or with Delta Reservations. The Credit may be applied toward the Delta airfare portion of a Delta Vacations package. The Credit is only valid for payment of tickets, including fare, surcharge and government-imposed taxes and fees imposed on the air transportation. It is not valid for other types of fees (including bag fees, change fees, upgrades or other ancillary purchases or fees with Delta), and it does not have any cash value. The Credit expires within one year from the date of issuance and must be redeemed on or before the expiration date. If the value of the Credit is greater than the flight purchased, the Card Member will be able to use the residual value in another transaction before the expiration date. The Credit will be issued as a Delta eCredit, which will be available in your Delta Wallet when you are logged into your SkyMiles account on delta.com. Visit delta.com/redeem for more information about redemption options. The certificate number, a redemption code, and redemption instructions will also be sent to the email address listed on your Delta SkyMiles account. Limit one Credit per calendar year. Please allow up to 2 weeks after meeting the purchase requirement for the Credit to be issued. The Credit is non-transferable from one Member's account to another but can be applied towards someone else's ticket without limitation. The Credit may be combined with up to 2 other Delta eCredits. If you transfer from a different Delta SkyMiles Card product to the Delta SkyMiles Gold Card, any eligible purchases you made on your old Card during the calendar year will count toward the new Delta SkyMiles Gold Card purchase requirement, after you make your first transaction on the new Card. The Credit may be redeemed for Delta flights purchased in currencies other than United States Dollars and will be converted to the currency of the country of payment at the Bankers Rate of Exchange in effect on the date of ticket issuance, and the rate of exchange must be indicated on the ticket. The benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member; however, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Members will contribute to the purchase requirement. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person transactions, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Eligible purchases may fall outside of the calendar year in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions apply. See delta.com/amexflightcreditterms for details.
20% Back on In-Flight Purchases
Card Members will receive a 20% savings in the form of a statement credit on eligible pre-purchased meals, and in-flight purchases of food, alcoholic beverages and audio headsets, on Delta-operated flights. Savings do not apply to any other in-flight purchases, such as in-flight wireless internet access, and associated services, and charitable contributions. To receive the savings, Card Members must use their Delta SkyMiles American Express Card to complete the in-flight purchase. Savings will appear as a statement credit 8-12 weeks after the transaction is posted to the Card Member's Card account. Offer is subject to change without notice. Additional terms, conditions, and restrictions may apply. See www.delta.com/amex for details.
Account Manager
Account Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.
Additional Cards
Additional Card Members must be at least 13 years of age and never have had a defaulted account with American Express.
American Express Experiences
Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.
American Express Presale(s)
American Express® Card Members have exclusive access to tickets before the general public for the specified sales window. Simply pay with your American Express® Card. Tickets are subject to the rules, terms & conditions, and fees set by the ticket seller, promoter and/or the venue, as applicable. Offer is fulfilled by ticket seller, subject to availability and may be changed or revoked at any time. Not all seats available and blackout dates may apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges.
American Express Seating
The American Express Seating program is available to all Card Members. Simply pay with your American Express® Card. Tickets are subject to the rules, terms & conditions, and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue, as applicable. Offer is fulfilled by ticket seller, subject to availability and may be changed or revoked at any time. Not all seats available and blackout dates may apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges.
American Express® App
The American Express® App and app features are available only for eligible Card accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.

To log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.
American Express® App
iOS and Android only. See app store listings for operating system info
Award Travel
Taxes and fees for Award Travel are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the ticket is booked. Award Travel seats are limited and may not be available on all flights or in all markets.
Card Member Performances(s)
Card Member Performances are available to all Card Members. Simply pay with your American Express® Card. Tickets are subject to the rules, terms & conditions, and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue, as applicable. Offer is fulfilled by ticket seller, subject to availability and may be changed or revoked at any time. Not all seats available. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges.
Delta No Blackout Dates
Although blackout dates have been eliminated on Delta flights, blackout dates may apply on partner flights and are defined by individual partner carriers.
Delta SkyMiles MarketPlace
SkyMiles Marketplace is for use only by SkyMiles Medallion® members or customers that have a U.S. issued Delta SkyMiles American Express Card. All redemption offers and awards are subject to change and to the terms and conditions of each individual merchant. Offers, rules and participating merchants are subject to change without notice. All SkyMiles Marketplace terms apply. To review the rules, please visit https://marketplace.delta.com/b2r/ui/index#!/terms_and_conditions.
Destination Family
Valid for new bookings made through American Express Travel and eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies with participating travel providers: Abercrombie & Kent, Royal Caribbean International, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider. Payment must be made with an American Express Card. Program benefits may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit package per booking. May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits are subject to change. Benefits listed are non- transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. Available to all U.S. American Express Corporate, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.
Dispute Resolution
Not all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.
Earn Medallion Status
Medallion Qualification Miles received in 2020 above member's received Medallion threshold level will be rolled over to 2021 and will count toward 2022 Medallion status qualification. In addition, all Medallion Qualification Miles earned between January 1 and December 31, 2020, will count towards 2021 Medallion status.
First Checked Bag Free
Benefit is limited to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Delta SkyMiles® Gold, Delta SkyMiles® Platinum or Delta SkyMiles® Reserve Cards. Reservation must include the Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number. Fee waiver also available for passengers traveling in the same reservation as the Basic Card Member. Maximum nine waivers per reservation. New Card Members and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Card product will be eligible for the checked baggage fee waiver benefit after receiving their Card from American Express. The first checked bag fee waiver will only be applied on flight segments which originate on a Delta or Delta Connection® carrier when you check-in with Delta for both a Delta marketed and Delta operated flight. Waiver is only for normal bag fee, if any, for the first checked bag that is not overweight and not oversize under Delta's applicable rules as set forth in Delta's contract of carriage. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See delta.com/firstbagfree for details.
Global Assist® Hotline
While Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.
Instant Card Number
Instant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly validate your identity. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an Instant Card Number that you can use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical Card will not be required. You may not have access to your full credit line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 business days of account approval.
Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee
Valid only for American Express Card Members. If you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, or (4) rates booked through the Fine Hotels & Resorts® and The Hotel Collection programs. Details
Medallion Status Upgrades
Seat upgrades are subject to limited availability and may not be available on all flights or in all markets.
Miles on Eligible Purchases
1x Mile on eligible purchases: You will earn 1 mile for each dollar of eligible purchases charged on your Card.

2x Miles at U.S. Supermarkets: You will earn 1 additional mile (for a total of 2 miles) for each dollar of eligible purchases charged at supermarkets located in the United States. Superstores and warehouse clubs are not considered supermarkets.

2x Miles at Restaurants: You will earn 1 additional mile (for a total of 2 miles) for each dollar of eligible purchases charged at restaurants worldwide. You may not get additional miles for purchases at a restaurant located within another establishment (e.g. a restaurant located inside a hotel, casino, or event venue). For example, purchases made at a restaurant located within a hotel may be recognized as a purchase at a hotel, not a restaurant. You will not earn additional miles for purchases at bars, nightclubs, cafeterias, and convenience stores.

2x Miles on Delta Purchases: You will earn 1 additional mile (for a total of 2 miles) on each dollar of eligible purchases charged directly with Delta ("Delta Purchases"). Delta Purchases are eligible purchases where Delta is the merchant of record, such as purchases via delta.com, the Fly Delta app, phone reservations, or ticket counters, such as upgrades, miles, seat selection, Delta Sky Club® membership, and in-flight purchases of food, alcoholic beverages and audio headsets on Delta-operated flights. Delta Purchases do not include other in-flight purchases where Delta is not the merchant of record, such as in-flight wireless internet access and charitable contributions. Delta Gift Cards do not qualify. Delta Purchases include Delta Vacations® packages but not other all-inclusive packages. Delta Purchases include purchases of qualifying Delta, Delta Connection® carrier and Delta Shuttle® flights taken with the purchase of a fare that is eligible for SkyMiles mileage credit. Additional miles earned for Delta flight purchases made with the Card will be based on the total ticket price, including base fare, carrier-imposed surcharges and government-imposed taxes and fees.

Eligible purchases mean purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person transactions, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Miles will be posted to your Delta SkyMiles account 8 to 12 weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to receive miles, your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment.

Purchases made through a third party payment account or on an online marketplace (with multiple retailers) will not qualify for additional miles.

Merchants are assigned codes base on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not qualify for additional miles if the merchant's code is not eligible. A purchase may not qualify for additional miles if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet. Additional terms and restrictions may apply.

Please visit americanexpress.com/rewards-info for more information about rewards.
No Foreign Transaction Fees
American Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.
Pay It
Pay It® is only available in the American Express® App for your eligible Account. With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a billed purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to that billed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we apply payments.

Your account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or Additional Card Member of a Credit Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express that is not canceled. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Charge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.
Pay with Miles
Program is limited to Basic (not Additional) Card Members. New Card Members are eligible to use Pay with Miles upon receipt of their Card. Eligible only on Delta and Delta Connection® carrier-operated and ticketed flights booked at delta.com. Not available on other codeshare flights. Eligible flights for this program will be marked as Pay with Miles eligible. Miles redemptions must be in 5,000 mile increments, with a minimum of 5,000 miles for redemption, and the number of miles redeemed will be rounded up to the nearest 5,000 mile increment, as applicable. Use your Card to pay for the remaining ticket price when using Pay with Miles. Five thousand miles generally provides $50 of value. However, you may receive less value per mile if the cost of a ticket you choose to cover entirely with miles is not a multiple of $50. All Pay with Miles tickets will earn mileage, and will earn Medallion Qualification Dollars, for the portion of the base fare and carrier-imposed surcharges remaining that is paid in currency after miles are applied to the ticket total. Mileage redemption will be applied toward the base fare and carrier-imposed surcharges prior to being applied toward taxes and fees. In addition, all Pay with Miles tickets are eligible for Medallion Qualification Segments, and Medallion Qualification Miles. Pay with Miles tickets are not eligible for Best Fare Guarantee and may not be combined with any other forms of mileage redemption, such as Award Travel tickets. Medallion Complimentary Upgrades on Pay with Miles tickets are subject to availability and may not be eligible on all flights. Except for tickets refunded under Delta's Risk Free Cancellation policy, miles redeemed with Pay with Miles cannot be re-deposited in the member's SkyMiles Account — even for fully refundable fares. Residual value for a changed or cancelled ticket will be issued as an e-certificate applicable to future Delta purchases. For additional terms, conditions, and restrictions, visit delta.com/paywithmiles.
Plan It®
With Plan It®, you can create up to 10 active payment plans, each subject to a plan fee. The plan fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged each month that the corresponding plan is active.

To create a plan, select qualifying purchases or a qualifying amount of $100 or more and a plan duration. When creating a plan for purchases, you may select up to 10 qualifying purchases for each plan that you create in your American Express online Account. However, you may select only one qualifying purchase for each plan that you create in the American Express App. Plan duration options may vary depending on the total dollar amount of the qualifying purchases or qualifying amount you move into a Plan. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your American Express online Account and American Express App. Qualifying purchases or a qualifying amount do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents, purchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees or any fee owed to us, including Annual Membership fees.

Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness or your Credit Limit. You will not be able to create plans if your Account is canceled. You will also not be able to create plans if one or more of your American Express Accounts is enrolled into a debt management program, or has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is delinquent. The number and length of plan duration options offered to you, and the number of active plans you can have at a time, will be at our discretion and will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, the purchase amount(s), and your Account history. After a plan is paid in full, it will be removed from your Account in the next billing period.

Plan It is available on Credit Card Accounts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express, excluding Accounts with Pay Over Time and Credit Card Accounts that must be paid in full each month. Only the Basic Card Member on the Account can create a plan. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded Cards or Account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.
Priority Boarding
Card Members are entitled to receive Main Cabin 1 Priority Boarding on Delta flights. Benefit is limited to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Delta SkyMiles Gold, Platinum or Reserve Cards. Reservation must include the Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number. Main Cabin 1 Priority Boarding is also available for passengers traveling in the same reservation as the Basic Card Member. Maximum nine passengers per reservation receive the Main Cabin 1 Priority Boarding. Main Cabin 1 Priority Boarding will only be available on Delta and Delta Connection carrier operated flights. Delta does not offer Main Cabin 1 Priority Boarding on Delta Shuttle® flights. New Card Members and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles American Express Card will be eligible for the Priority Boarding benefit after receiving their Card from American Express. Offer is subject to change without notice. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See delta.com/amex for details.
ShopRunner
ShopRunner Benefit Terms and Conditions
Enrolling in the Benefit.
To get the free ShopRunner membership benefit compliments of American Express (the "benefit"), you must go to www.shoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify your eligibility for the benefit with an eligible Card account number and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner membership account ("ShopRunner account"). For details on how the ShopRunner membership works, please see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use of your ShopRunner membership benefit.
You may also be able to enroll in this benefit through access provided to ShopRunner at participating online stores or through an email provided by American Express if it has determined that you have an eligible Card.
An "eligible Card" means an American Express U.S. Consumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card that is not cancelled and that is issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible. ShopRunner will verify with American Express the eligibility of your Credit or Charge Card account number for the benefit.
Maintaining the Benefit.
To maintain this benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must maintain an eligible Card. The benefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner account if you do not have an eligible Card. You can maintain only one benefit per eligible Card.
During your enrollment in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Express will verify your benefit eligibility.
Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Memberships.
If you enroll in the benefit and sign up with an existing ShopRunner account, ShopRunner will cancel the term of your existing ShopRunner account.
If you paid a fee for any unused portion of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRunner will provide you with a pro rata refund for that portion in accordance with ShopRunner's refund policy. The refund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after enrollment and will be issued to the payment method you used to pay the fee.
If a portion of the cancelled term of membership was promotional or free, the free period will be cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by you. If you currently have a free or promotional membership on your ShopRunner account, you should consider whether to enroll in the benefit at this time.
General Terms.
An eligible Card can be used to verify eligibility for only one benefit enrollment. American Express may receive and use your personal data from ShopRunner, which may include personally identifiable information and Credit Card information, to determine eligibility and further develop features and services related to the benefit. American Express may send you emails regarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any information American Express collects from you or from ShopRunner shall be governed by the American Express Online Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpress.com/privacy). American Express may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminate this benefit at any time.
You can review these Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.
SkyMiles General
All SkyMiles program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption, and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Partner airline benefits are subject to change and subject to the terms and conditions of each partner. Partner offers are subject to the terms and conditions of each individual offer. Offers are void where prohibited by law. Offers are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.
SkyMiles Online Auction
All SkyMiles Online Auction rules apply, visit https://www.skymilesexperiences.com/ for more details. All Delta SkyMiles program rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Offers, prices and rules are subject to change without notice. Offers void where prohibited by law. Additional restrictions may apply.
Spending Limits
When you request that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreement.

At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing period.

Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.

The Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions.
Split Feature
The split feature ("Split") is only available in the American Express App® to Card Members with an eligible Card. Enrollment required. Eligible Cards include personal American Express Cards issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express that are not canceled. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible. To use Split, you must have or create an account with PayPal or Venmo and link your American Express Online Account to your PayPal or Venmo account.

With this feature, you can split purchase amounts that correspond to eligible purchases that are identified in your American Express App and made with an eligible Card. You split these purchase amounts with friends and family by making customized requests to be paid back using your linked account with PayPal or Venmo. Eligible purchases must be at least $1.00 and do not include cash advances or any fee owed to us, including annual membership fees. You cannot split purchases in a Plan It balance. To use Split, you must select an eligible purchase and provide the contact information for friends or family to whom you would like to send a request to be paid back. The total purchase amount will be divided between you and the contacts you select, and requests will be sent to each contact using your linked account with Venmo or PayPal. If a request is accepted, the requested amount will be applied to your linked account with Venmo or PayPal. Your Card Account will be billed for and you are responsible for paying the full purchase amount regardless of whether a request is accepted or rejected. American Express is not responsible for whether requests are accepted and money is paid back to your linked account with Venmo or PayPal. You will earn rewards for purchases that you split in the same way that you would for other purchases that you make with your Card.

Split will be available for a limited time. We plan to launch enhanced features after September 2020 that will require your re-enrollment. We will notify you if and when these features become available.
The American Express Auto Purchasing Program Disclosure
For a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that a Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP on any in-stock vehicle that is the same make, model, and trim as your Configured Vehicle. The Guaranteed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is based on a vehicle without factory or dealer installed options and includes generally available manufacturer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that the Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP of the vehicle with the specific VIN listed and includes savings on factory-installed options. If you change your vehicle or the optional features, it will change your savings. For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.
Year-End Summary
The Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.
AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide
Baggage Insurance Plan
Baggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6498.
Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance
Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms. If You have any questions about a specific vehicle, please call Us at 1-800-338-1670, if international, collect at 1-216-617-2500.
Extended Warranty
Extended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6498.
Purchase Protection
Purchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms. If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6498.