New!American Express® Business Gold Card4X points that adjust to your spending.‡Solutions to meet business needs.$295 Annual Fee¤Get more rewards with 4X points on 2 select categories where you spend the most each month‡Details>Get 25% points back, after you book a flight using Pay with Points‡Details>Flexibility to pay over time with interest, or pay your full balance, whichever is best for your business.‡Details>APR on purchases will be a variable rate, currently 16.49%, 20.49% or 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.¤Get up to 1 year free of G Suite Basic for 3 users and up to 1 year of ZipRecruiter Standard  in the form of statement credits for purchases on the Card in your first 12 months of Card Membership. That's two special offers with a combined value of up to $3,188 if you sign up for both subscriptions.†Details>*No Pre-Set Spending Limit does not mean unlimited spending. Purchasing power adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record and financial resources known to us, and other factors.











Apply♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesNew!American Express® Business Gold Card4X points that adjust to your spending.‡Solutions to meet business needs.Highlights Get more rewards with 4X points on 2 select categories where you spend the most each month‡Details> Get 25% points back, after you book a flight using Pay with Points‡Details> Flexibility to pay over time with interest, or pay your full balance, whichever is best for your business.‡Details>OffersGet up to 1 year free of G Suite Basic for 3 users and up to 1 year of ZipRecruiter Standardin the form of statement credits for purchases on the Card in your first 12 months of Card Membership. That's two special offers with a combined value of up to $3,188 if you sign up for both subscriptions.†Details>Fees$295 Annual Fee¤APR on purchases will be a variable rate, currently 16.49%, 20.49% or 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.¤Featured Business Gold Card BenefitsMaximize Rewards with 4X PointsEarn 4X Membership Rewards® points on the 2 categories where your business spent the most each billing cycle from the list below, plus earn 1X on other purchases.Airfare purchased directly from airlinesU.S. purchases for advertising in select media (online, TV, radio)U.S. purchases made directly from select technology providers of computer hardware, software, and cloud solutionsU.S. purchases at gas stationsU.S. purchases at restaurantsU.S. purchases for shipping4X points applies to the first $150,000 in combined purchases from these 2 categories each calendar year Then earn 1 point per dollar.To learn more about spending categories, visit www.americanexpress.com/rewards-info.There is no limit to the total number of points you can earn.‡Exclusive offersUp to 1 year free of G Suite BasicGet video conferencing, cloud storage, file sharing and more with G Suite by Google Cloud. Get up to 1 year free of G Suite Basic for up to 3 users in the form of statement credits for purchases on the Card in your first 12 months of Card Membership. New Card Members can take advantage of this exclusive offer simply by subscribing at gsuite.google.com and using their Card as the primary form of payment.†Up to 1 year free of ZipRecruiter StandardZipRecruiter can help make finding the right candidates easy. Get access to powerful tools to help you find top talent. Distribute job postings easily to over 100 job boards with just one click. Get up to 1 year free of ZipRecruiter Standard in the form of statement credits for purchases on the Card in your first 12 months of Card Membership. New Card Members can take advantage of this exclusive offer simply by subscribing at ziprecruiter.com and using their Card as the primary form of payment.†Both subscriptions are month to month and can be cancelled at any time.

05-membership/dls-icon-point-3x
Created with Sketch.















Over 1.5 million more places in the U.S. started accepting American Express® Cards in 2017.Business Gold Card  Benefits & DetailsGet More Rewards and more value from points








Quadruple Points. And then some.Earn more points in the 2 select categories where you spend the most each month. Earn 1X on other purchases.‡4X points applies to the first $150,000 in combined purchases from these 2 categories each year.Earning Membership Rewards®The Membership Rewards® program keeps it simple. Just use your Card for purchases, large or small, and watch the points add up. Plus, there’s no limit to how many points you can earn, and don’t worry about expiration dates because there aren’t any.‡Redeeming Membership Rewards®The Membership Rewards® program offers a breadth of exceptional rewards and the most point transfer partners, of any major U.S. credit card loyalty program.‡25% Airline BonusBook your flight with American Express Travel using Membership Rewards® Pay with Points and get 25% of those points back.‡Either book any class flight with your selected qualifying airline, or a First or Business class flight. You can get up to 250,000 points back per calendar year.Flexible solutions for managing cash flow








Pay Over Time OptionThe Pay Over Time option on the Card lets you carry a balance with interest on purchases of $100 or more.‡How it works:Purchases of $100 or more are eligible to be paid over time, up to the amount of your Pay Over Time limit on your account. You can choose to pay for these purchases over time with interest, or you can pay your full balance, whichever is best for your business. All purchases under $100 are due in full each month.No Pre-Set Spending LimitThe Business Gold Card has no pre-set spending limit, which gives you purchasing power that adjusts with your use of the Card and other factors.No preset spending limit does not mean unlimited spending. Purchasing power adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record and financial resources known to us, and other factors.Expense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses








Connect to QuickbooksLabel and transfer your transaction data from your American Express online statement directly into your QuickBooks account.‡Spend ManagerSMSpend ManagerSM is a feature available to help you manage your Card expenses by allowing you to add receipts and notes to your transactions either via desktop or your mobile device.‡Year-End SummaryOrganizing your expenses can be a time-consuming task. That’s why we provide a Year-End Summary of charges to help you manage your account online. It’s one of many features that come with carrying a Business Card from American Express.‡Employee CardsAdd Employee Cards to earn rewards‡ on employee purchases and stay on top of expenses with spending limits‡, alerts, and summary reports. The Business Gold Card offers an Employee Card option with no annual fee.Account ManagerFree up time. Assign a trusted team member to oversee your American Express account. Account Managers can handle tasks like making payments, reviewing transactions, and adding Employee Cards, so you’re free to focus on other priorities.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help you avoid late payments, notify you of irregular activity, and monitor Employee Card use.Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.Mobile and Tablet AppsEasily manage your account, pay your bill, check your balance, view your benefits and more from your mobile phone or tablet.Travel & Transportation perks and protection when you're doing business on the road








No Foreign Transaction FeesDo business globally and pay no foreign transaction fees on your purchases.*¤*American Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.The Hotel CollectionGet a $75 hotel credit on qualifying charges, plus a room upgrade upon arrival, when available with The Hotel Collection at americanexpress.com/hc. Terms apply.Global Assist® HotlineWhen you travel more than 100 miles from home, you have 24/7 access to medical, legal, financial or other select emergency coordination and assistance services, including medical and legal referrals, assistance with cash wires, passport replacement, missing luggage and more. Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.‡The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders GroupPlanning your next business trip? Get access to travel discounts and amenities when you enroll in The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders Group at no additional cost. To learn more visit TheTravelCollection.com or call a Travel Collection Specialist to enroll at 877-485-8053 between 8am and 12am ET Monday through Friday or between 9am and 6pm ET on Saturdays and Sundays.‡Premium Roadside AssistanceYour car breaks down or you blow a tire. Now what? Just call us to change a flat, jumpstart a battery, or get a tow up to 10 miles. We will pay for included emergency services up to four times a year, even if you're in your driveway. With one call, help is on the way. And soon you'll be on yours. There are some vehicle exclusions and other important restrictions.‡Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎Travel more comfortably knowing you can be covered by the Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎ for eligible lost, damaged, or stolen baggage when you purchase the entire fare for a Common Carrier ticket (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) on your eligible Card. Coverage can be provided for up to $1,250 for carry-on baggage and up to $500 for checked baggage. For New York State residents, there is a $10,000 aggregate maximum limit for all Covered Persons per Covered Trip. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Travel Accident Insurance♦︎Worry less about the unthinkable happening to you on your Covered Trip. If an accident causes your Death, membership can provide added financial security to your beneficiaries. Travel Accident Insurance♦︎ can cover travel by plane, train, ship, or bus when you purchase the entire fare on your eligible Card. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, you can be covered if your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen when you use your eligible Card to reserve and pay for the entire eligible vehicle rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the rental car counter. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered. Coverage is not available in Australia, Italy, and New Zealand. This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Even More Benefits for Card Members








Extended Warranty♦︎When you use your American Express® Card for eligible purchases, you can get up to two extra years* added to the original manufacturer’s warranty. Applies to warranties of 5 years or less. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.*For residents of Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands, Your coverage will continue to match the original warranty period for warranties of less than one (1) year or provide one (1) additional year if the warranty is between one (1) and five (5) years.Purchase Protection♦︎When something you buy breaks or is stolen, Purchase Protection♦︎ can have you covered. Use your Card for eligible purchases, and your purchases can be protected from accidental damage or theft for up to 120 days* from the moment you buy them. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.*For residents of New York, Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands coverage duration remains at 90 days.Dispute ResolutionWe will work with you to help resolve the issue if there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding. With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone. Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.Return Protection‡With Return Protection‡, you may return eligible purchases to American Express if the seller won't take them back up to 90 days from the date of purchase. American Express may refund the full purchase price excluding shipping and handling, up to $300 per item, up to a maximum of $1,000 per calendar year per Card account, if you purchased it entirely with your eligible American Express® Card. Purchases must be made in the U.S. or its territories.Relationship Care® ServiceGet round the clock, world-class customer support from our special brand of Relationship Care® service. Simply call the number on the back of your Card to speak to one of our Customer Care Professionals who are specially trained to understand the needs of small business owners and can provide you with business-savvy support. We are committed to serving your unique needs and helping you unlock the power of your Card.Apply by PhoneApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesApply by PhoneApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & Fees