Payment Information
For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore



Fees
Annual Membership Fee

$550


Transaction Fees

 

Foreign Transaction
None

Penalty Fees

 

Late Payment
Up to $38

Returned Payment
Up to $38



 TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement.
By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.

You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.
 When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. 
 We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership.
 Additional Cards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with them.
 Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.
  Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree. 
 Notice to California Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.


Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
 Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.
 Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.

The Platinum Card is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2018 American Express National Bank.


POID CFCA:0001

OFFER TERMS
Welcome offer not available to applicants who have or have had this Card. We may also consider the number of American Express Cards you have opened and closed as well as other factors in making a decision on your welcome offer eligibility.
60,000 Membership Rewards® PointsTo be eligible to earn the 60,000 Membership Rewards points, you must be enrolled in the Membership Rewards Program at the time of the eligible purchases. 60,000 Membership Rewards points will be credited to your account after you charge a total of $5,000 (the "Threshold Amount") or more of purchases on your Platinum Card® from American Express within the first 3 months of Platinum Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. The following eligible purchases do NOT count towards the Threshold Amount: fees or interest charges; purchases of travelers checks; purchases or reloading of prepaid cards; purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments; or purchases of other cash equivalents. Points will be credited to your Membership Rewards account within 8-12 weeks after you meet the Threshold Amount. If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome offer (s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit Membership Rewards points to, we may freeze Membership Rewards points credited to, or we may take away Membership Rewards points from your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us. Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. Your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment of any offers. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.You can earn 60,000 Membership Rewards points after you spend $5,000 or more in eligible purchases on your Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $5,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped).Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice.The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.

Annual FeeThe annual fee for The Platinum Card® is $550. The annual fee for Additional Cards is $175 for up to 3 Additional Cards. The annual fee for the 4th or more Additional Cards is $175 for each Card.There is no additional fee for Gold Cards

BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.
$200 Airline Fee CreditBenefit is available to Consumer and Business Platinum Card® and Centurion® Members only. To receive statement credits of up to $200 per calendar year toward incidental air travel fees, Card Member must select one qualifying airline at www.americanexpress.com/airlinechoice. Qualifying airlines include Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Airlines, Frontier Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Spirit Airlines, Southwest Airlines, and United Airlines. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Card Account can select the qualifying airline. Card Members who have not chosen one qualifying airline will be able to do so at any time. Card Members who have already selected one qualifying airline will be able to change their choice one time each year in January at www.americanexpress.com/airlinechoice or by calling the number on the back of the Card. Card Members who do not change their airline selection will remain with their current airline. Statement Credits: Incidental air travel fees must be charged to the Card Member on the eligible Card Account for the benefit to apply. Incidental air travel fees charged by both the Basic and Additional Card Members on the eligible Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, each Card Account is eligible for up to a total of $200 per calendar year in statement credits across all Cards on the Account. Incidental air travel fees must be separate charges from airline ticket charges. Fees not charged by the Card Member's airline of choice (e.g. wireless internet and fees incurred with airline alliance partners) do not qualify for statement credits. Incidental air travel fees charged prior to selection of a qualifying airline are not eligible for statement credits. Airline tickets, upgrades, mileage points purchases, mileage points transfer fees, gift cards, duty free purchases, and award tickets are not deemed to be incidental fees. The airline must submit the charge under the appropriate merchant code, industry code, or required service or product identifier for the charge to be recognized as an incidental air travel fee. Please allow 2-4 weeks after the qualifying incidental air travel fee is charged to your Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. We rely on airlines to submit the correct information on airline transactions, so please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 4 weeks from the date of purchase. Card Members remain responsible for timely payment of all charges. To be eligible for this benefit, Card Account(s) must be not canceled and not past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment.

5X AirYou will get one point for each dollar charged for an eligible purchase on your Platinum Card from American Express. You will get 4 additional points (for a total of 5 points) for each dollar spent on eligible air and hotel purchases. Eligible air purchases are purchases of scheduled flights made directly with a passenger airline or through American Express Travel (via the phone by calling 1-800-525-3355 or online via amextravel.com), minus returns and credits. Charter flights, private jet flights, flights that are part of travel packages, tours, or cruises, and flights booked via the phone through American Express Travel on airlines that do not accept American Express are excluded. Eligible hotel purchases are prepaid hotel purchases or prepaid travel packages booked on amextravel.com with your eligible Platinum Card (including hotels and flight+hotel packages) and charged to the same eligible Platinum Card, minus returns and credits. To modify a reservation, you must cancel and rebook your reservation. You can cancel and rebook your reservation on amextravel.com or by calling a representative of amextravel.com at 1-800-297-2977. Cancellations are subject to hotel cancellation policies. If hotel reservations are made or modified directly with the hotel provider, the reservation will NOT be eligible for 5X points. Eligible air and hotel purchases do NOT include non-prepaid hotels, hotel group reservations or events, car rental or cruise purchases, ticketing service or other fees, interest charges, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase categories or in connection with promotions or offers from American Express may not be combined with this offer. Any portion of a charge that you elect to cover through redemption of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to receive points. The benefits associated with the Additional Card(s) you choose may be different than the benefits associated with your basic Card. Additional terms and restrictions apply. Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not qualify for additional points if the merchant's code is not eligible. Air or hotel purchases made through a third-party payment account or on an online travel agency will not qualify for additional points. A purchase may not qualify for additional points if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet. See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and conditions or to learn the benefits associated with the Additional Card(s) you choose, please call the number on the back of your Card. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669

5X Membership Rewards Points on flights and prepaid hotels booked at Amextravel.comYou will get one point for each dollar charged for an eligible purchase on your Platinum Card® from American Express. You will get 4 additional points (for a total of 5 points) for each dollar spent on eligible travel purchases made on amextravel.com. Eligible travel purchases include the following purchases made on amextravel.com: scheduled flights, prepaid hotel purchases (including hotels and flight+hotel packages), minus returns and other credits. Eligible travel purchases do NOT include non-prepaid hotel bookings, car rentals and cruise, hotel group reservations or events, ticketing service, cancellation or other fees, interest charges, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. To be eligible for the 5x Membership Rewards® points, you must both reserve and charge the travel purchase with the same eligible Platinum Card®. To modify a reservation, you must cancel and rebook your reservation. You can cancel and rebook your reservation on amextravel.com or by calling a representative of amextravel.com at 1-800-297-2977. Cancellations are subject to hotel cancellation policies. If hotel reservations are made or modified directly with the hotel provider, the reservation will not be eligible for this 5X Membership Rewards® point benefit. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase categories or in connection with promotions or offers from American Express may not be combined with this benefit. Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not qualify for additional points if the merchant's code is not eligible. The benefits associated with the Additional Card(s) you choose may be different than the benefits associated with your basic Card.See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and conditions or to learn the benefits associated with the Additional Card(s) you choose, please call the number on the back of your Card. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions or such suppliers.

Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.

Adding an Additional Card MemberAll Additional Card Members must be 15 years or older, and must never have had a defaulted account with American Express.

Airspace LoungeThis benefit is available to Platinum Card Member must present his or her valid Card and government-issued I.D. Ticket not required for Airspace Lounges. In some cases, Card Member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. The Card Member's spouse and children under the age of 21 or up to two companions may enter the club as complimentary guests. Card Member must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. Card Members and his or her guests will receive all of the complimentary benefits and amenities afforded to the Airspace Lounge customers, as well as access to purchase non-complimentary items. Some product features may be subject to additional charges. Airspace Lounge locations are subject to change.

American Express Global Lounge CollectionThese Terms and Conditions govern Platinum Card Members' participation in and use of the Priority Pass™ Select program. Priority Pass is an independent airport lounge access program. At any visit to a Priority Pass Select lounge that admits guests, you may bring in two guests for no charge. You will be charged $27 for any additional guests. Some lounges do not admit guests. By enrolling in Priority Pass Select, you agree that you will be responsible for any additional accompanying guest visits and that your Card will be automatically charged after you have signed for the additional guest visit and it has been reported to Priority Pass by the participating lounge. Additionally, you acknowledge and agree that American Express will verify your Card account number and provide updated Card account information to Priority Pass. Priority Pass will use this information to fulfill on the Priority Pass Select program and may use this information for marketing related to the program. Once enrolled, Platinum Card Members whose Card account is not cancelled may access participating Priority Pass Select lounges by presenting your Priority Pass Select card and airline boarding pass. In some lounges, Priority Pass Select member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Priority Pass Select members must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. Amenities may vary among airport lounge locations. Conference rooms, where available, may be reserved for a nominal fee. Priority Pass Select lounge partners and locations are subject to change. All Priority Pass Select members must adhere to the Priority Pass Conditions of Use, which will be sent to you with your membership package, and can be viewed at www.prioritypass.com. Upon receipt of your enrollment information, Priority Pass will send your Priority Pass Select card and membership package which you should receive within 10–14 business days. If you have not received the Priority Pass card after 14 days, please contact American Express using the number on the back of your American Express® Card. Please note, Additional Gold Card Members are not eligible for membership.

American Express International LoungesPlatinum Card Members have unlimited complimentary access to American Express Lounge locations. Guest access policies vary by location and are subject to change. Fees may apply for additional guests. To access American Express Lounges, the Platinum Card Member must present the agent with the following upon each visit: his or her valid Card and upon request, same-day airline ticket on any carrier and a government-issued I.D. Failure to present this documentation may result in access being denied. Platinum Card Members will not be compensated for changes in locations, rates or policies. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from a lounge for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to lounge rules, including, but not limited to, conduct that is disruptive, abusive or violent. Access is subject to space availability. Amenities, services and hours of operation may vary among locations and are subject to change. In some Lounges the Platinum Card Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Age restrictions for the service of alcohol also vary between Lounges. American Express will not be liable for any articles lost or stolen or damages suffered by the purchaser or visitor inside American Express Lounges. Use of American Express Lounges is subject to the local rules and conditions set by American Express and the Lounge operator. American Express and the Lounge operator reserve the right to revise the rules at any time without notice. For details of individual American Express lounge access requirements please visit www.americanexpress.com/findalounge.

American Express Preferred SeatingEligible CardsPreferred Seating is available to U.S. Card Members with an American Express® Gold Card, Platinum Card® or Centurion® Card from American Express, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card, Delta Reserve® Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card, Hilton Honors Ascend Card, Hilton Honors Aspire Card, American Express® Corporate Gold Card, Corporate Platinum Card® or Corporate Centurion® Card from American Express, the Executive Business Card, American Express® Premiere Rewards Gold Card , Business Gold Card, Business Gold Rewards Card, Business Platinum Card®, or Business Centurion® Card from American Express.Tickets available through the American Express Preferred Seating program are available exclusively for qualifying Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets must be purchased with an eligible American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Tickets are subject to availability and apply to select events. Availability will vary by performance based on prior sales. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Redemption InformationTo redeem an American Express Preferred Seating offer, please proceed to purchase your ticket through any primary ticketing channel including online, mobile, or phone and provide the 10-digit Customer Service phone number located on the back of your Card when prompted.

American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

American Express SeatingPlease note that the tickets available through the American Express Seating program are available to all Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

Amex Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app features are available only for eligible Card accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.To log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.

Amex Mobile appiOS and Android only. See app store listings for operating system info

By Invitation Only®Transportation and accommodation costs are additional unless otherwise stated. The price indicated covers event costs only. All sales are final and non-refundable, and resale is prohibited. Payment must be made using an eligible American Express® Card. Details and prices are subject to change. Packages are available on a first-come, first-served basis. Availability is limited. Must be 21 years of age or older to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly.

Car Rental PrivilegesBenefits given to Platinum Card Members are subject to each car rental company's terms and conditions, including age restrictions, and require enrollment to receive benefits. Platinum Card Members must be affiliated with the Platinum Program codes. Hertz Gold Plus Rewards® is a registered trademark of Hertz System, Inc. Minimum rental age is 25 (exceptions apply). For Hertz Gold Plus Rewards, upgrades are subject to fleet availability at time of rental. Standard rental terms and conditions apply. Payment must be made using the Platinum Card from American Express. Platinum Card Members are required to enroll in Avis Preferred Club, Hertz Gold Plus Rewards and National Emerald Club Executive memberships to become a member. National collects Frequent Flyer Tax Recoupment Surcharge to cover the federal tax on the cost of the miles awarded at the time of rental. Discount applies to base rate only. Taxes (including GST), other governmentally authorized or imposed surcharges, license recoupment/air tax recovery and concession recoupment fees, airport and airport facility fees, fuel, additional driver fee, one-way rental charge, and optional items are extra. Renter must meet standard age, driver, and credit requirements. Advance reservation required. May not be combined with other discounts. Availability is limited. Subject to change without notice. Blackout dates may apply. National's Emerald Club and its services require a signed Master Rental Agreement to be on file. Please note that the Car Rental Privileges program available to Platinum Card Members is a separate program from the Premium Car Rental Protection insurance product offered by American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company.

Car Rental Privileges: National Emerald ClubThe Emerald Club and its services require a signed Master Rental Agreement on file. National, National Car Rental, the "flag" and Emerald Club are trademarks of Vanguard Car Rental USA LLC. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. © 2018 National Car Rental.

ConciergeThere is no cost to you for services a concierge performs on your behalf, although you are responsible for any purchases, fees and/or shipping charges you authorize to be charged to your Card account. We reserve the right to note profile and preference data for servicing and marketing purposes. We are not responsible for notifying a restaurant of any food allergies when suggesting or making reservations at restaurants.

Cruise Privileges ProgramValid for new bookings of voyages of at least five nights made with a participating supplier through Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Service, any American Express Travel office, eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies, or the Agency Services Desk. May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates, category and fare restrictions may apply. Payment must be made with an American Express Card in U.S. Platinum Card Member or U.S. Centurion® Member's name. Available for U.S. Platinum Charge Card Members and U.S. Centurion® Members only, and excludes Platinum Credit Card Members such as Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Card Members who are not also U.S Platinum Charge Card Members or U.S. Centurion® Members. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Benefits listed require double occupancy and are non-transferable. Program benefits may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Members receive $100 USD shipboard credit for inside and outside staterooms; $200 USD shipboard credit for balcony, verandah, and mini-suite staterooms; and $300 USD shipboard credit for suites on Celebrity Cruises, Norwegian Cruise Line, Holland America Line, Princess Cruises, and Royal Caribbean International. Card Members receive $300 USD shipboard credit for all Queen Mary oceanview staterooms category EF or higher, and Queen Victoria/ Queen Elizabeth oceanview staterooms category FA or higher on Cunard Line. Card Members receive $300 USD shipboard credit for all stateroom categories on Ama Waterways, Oceania, Regent, Azamara, Seabourn, Crystal, Silversea, Uniworld, and Windstar. Centurion Members receive an additional $200 ($500 total) USD shipboard credit on Crystal Cruises, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, Seabourn, and Silversea. All shipboard credits will be credited to the guest's stateroom folio upon checkout. Shipboard credit amounts in international jurisdictions may vary due to foreign exchange rates and timing of application. Shipboard credits are subject to cruise line policies. Credits cannot be used for casino charges and gratuities. Unused portion of credit is non-refundable and is not redeemable for cash. Other restrictions may apply, see onboard cashier for details. Additional amenity not available on the Silversea Expedition Fleet: Silver Explorer, Silver Galapagos, and Silver Discoverer. The Cruise Privileges Program benefits (shipboard credits and additional amenities) are not available on Celebrity Cruises Galapagos Sailings. Limit one benefit package per stateroom; three-stateroom limit per Card Member, per sailing. To obtain benefits, travel agents must visit americanexpress.com/asdonline. Participating providers and benefits subject to change. Get one (1) extra point on each dollar charged for eligible cruise bookings with American Express Travel or eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies; separate airfare and other charges associated with booking are not eligible. Payment must be made with a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled Consumer or OPEN American Express Card in the U.S. Platinum Card or U.S. Centurion Member's name. The extra points will be credited to Card Member's Membership Rewards account 8-12 weeks after full payment. Bonus ID: 3847

Delta Private Jets 20% Discount on Commercial FlightsFor air transportation provided by Delta, a Card Member who purchases a Delta Private Jet Card is entitled to a 20% discount off published fares for select fare classes in effect when booked.

Delta Sky ClubThe Platinum Member must present his or her valid American Express Card, government-issued I.D., and same-day corresponding airline ticket to club ambassador. Access to Delta Sky Club partnerlounges is not permitted. Individuals must be at least 18 years of age to access Delta Sky Club, and 21 years of age to access locations with a self-service bar, unless accompanied by a responsible, supervising adult who has access to the lounge. Card Members must adhere to all House Rules of participating clubs. Participating airport clubs and locations subject to change without notice. Additional guest access and fees subject to terms and conditions of participating airport clubs.For the most current Delta Sky Club access and pricing policy, please visit Delta.com/skyclub. All Delta Sky Club rules apply to Delta Sky Club membership and use. To review the rules, please visit Delta.com/skyclub.

Destination FamilyValid for new bookings made through American Express Travel and eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies with participating travel providers: Abercrombie & Kent, Royal Caribbean International, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider. Payment must be made with an American Express Card. Program benefits may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit package per booking. May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits are subject to change. Benefits listed are non- transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. Available to all U.S. American Express Corporate, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.

Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.

Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

Escape LoungesThis benefit is available to Platinum Cards. Card Members receive complimentary access to any US location of the Escape Lounges. Card Member must present his or her valid Card, a boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for same-day travel on any carrier and government-issued I.D. In some cases, Card Member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Card Members may bring up to two (2) companions into Escape Lounges as complimentary guests. Card Member must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. Card Members and his or her guests will receive all of the complimentary benefits and amenities afforded to the Escape Lounge customers, as well as access to purchase non-complimentary items. Some product features may be subject to additional charges. Escape Lounge locations are subject to change.

Extra Membership Rewards® points at amextravel.com2x PointsMembership Rewards-enrolled Card Members get at least 1 Membership Rewards® point for every eligible dollar spent on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card. Those same Card Members will also get at least 1 additional point for each dollar of eligible travel purchases made on amextravel.com on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express Card. Eligible travel purchases include all travel purchases made with your Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card on amextravel.com, including air, prepaid hotels, vacation packages (flight + hotel packages) or cruise reservations, minus returns and other credits. Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members are only eligible for 1 additional point on cruise reservations. Eligible travel purchases do NOT include car reservations, non-prepaid hotels, ticketing service or other fees, or interest charges. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase categories or in connection with promotions or offers from American Express may not be combined with this offer, such as 5X bonuses for Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members. Any portion of a charge that you elect to cover through redemption of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to receive points. If you have an Amex EveryDay Card product, additional points awarded under this offer will not be included in the extra points benefit. Additional points will be credited to the Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after final payment is made.

Fee Credit for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®The benefit is available to (i) Corporate Gold Card Members, (ii) Consumer Platinum Card® Members, Corporate Platinum Card® Members and Business Platinum Card® Members, and (iii) Centurion® Card Members. The benefit is also available to Additional Platinum and Centurion Card Members on eligible Consumer and Business Card accounts. To receive the statement credit, Additional Platinum and Centurion Card Members must charge the application fee to the eligible Additional Card account. Card Members are eligible to receive statement credit every 4 years for the application fee for either Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® when charged to an eligible Card. Card Members will receive a statement credit for the first program (either Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® ) to which they apply and pay for with their eligible Card regardless of whether they are approved for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®. However, Card Members can receive no more than one $85 credit or $100 credit, depending on which program the Card Member first applies for, every 4 years for an application fee charged to an eligible Card. American Express has no control over the application and/or approval process for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®, and does not have access to any information provided to the government by the Card Member or by the government to the Card Member. American Express has no liability regarding the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® Programs. U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) (for Global Entry) and U.S. Transportation Security Administration (TSA) (for TSA Pre✓®) charge an application fee to process each respective application regardless of whether the Card Member's application is approved. American Express will provide a statement credit for the application fee regardless of the decision made by CBP (for Global Entry) or TSA (for TSA Pre✓®) but will not provide a statement credit for subsequent application fees charged to the same eligible Card within 4 years, even if the original application is rejected.Membership for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® is per person, and a separate application must be completed for each individual.For additional information on the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® programs, including information regarding the application and/or approval process and for a list of participating airlines and airports, as well as the full terms and conditions of the programs, please go to www.globalentry.gov for Global Entry and www.tsa.gov for TSA Pre✓®. The Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® programs are subject to change, and American Express has no control over those changes.The statement credit benefit applies to the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® programs only. Other program applications including, but not limited to, NEXUS, SENTRI, and Privium are not eligible for the statement credit benefit.Please allow up to 8 weeks after the qualifying Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® transaction is charged to the eligible Card account for the statement credit to be posted to the Card account. American Express relies on accurate transaction data to identify eligible Global Entry and TSA Pre✓® purchases. If you do not see a credit for a qualifying purchase on your eligible Card after 8 weeks, simply call the number on the back of your Card.Card Members are responsible for payment of all application charges until the statement credit posts to the Card account. To be eligible for this benefit, Card account(s) must be active through the time of statement credit fulfillment.Global Entry Fee Credit Option:Global Entry is a CBP program that allows expedited clearance for pre-approved, low-risk international travelers upon arrival in the United States. Global Entry membership also includes access to the TSA Pre✓® program with no additional application or fee required. If a Card Member applies separately for TSA Pre✓® with the same eligible Card, the TSA Pre✓® application fee is not eligible for a statement credit.To receive the $100 Global Entry statement credit, Card Members must pay for the $100 Global Entry application fee with an eligible Card. Additional Cards on eligible Consumer and Business accounts are also eligible for the $100 statement credit. To receive the statement credit, the Global Entry application fee must be charged on the eligible Additional Card. Global Entry members can opt-in to TSA Pre✓® by entering their Global Entry membership number (PASS ID) in the "Known Traveler Number" field each time a flight reservation is made on a participating airline. Alternatively, Card Members can add their Global Entry PASS ID to their frequent flyer profile(s) with the participating airline(s) and then ensure that their frequent flyer number is entered for each flight booking. If approved, membership into the Global Entry program is valid for 5 years and subject to the program's terms and conditions. You must re-apply for the Global Entry program every five years for continuous benefits.TSA Pre✓® Fee Credit Option:TSA Pre✓® is an intelligence-driven risk based program managed by TSA that allows low-risk travelers to experience faster, more efficient screening at participating U.S. airport checkpoints for domestic and international travel. The TSA Pre✓® application program is a DHS Trusted Traveler program. TSA began accepting TSA Pre✓® applications on Wednesday, Dec. 4, 2013. Enrolling in TSA Pre✓® does not guarantee selection for expedited screening each time a passenger travels.To receive the $85 TSA Pre✓® statement credit, Card Members must pay for the $85 TSA Pre✓® application fee with an eligible Card. Additional Cards on eligible Consumer and Business Card accounts are also eligible for the $85 statement credit. To receive the statement credit, the TSA Pre✓® application fee must be charged on the eligible Additional Card. If approved, Membership into the TSA Pre✓® program is valid for 5 years and subject to the program's terms and conditions.

FINE HOTELS & RESORTSValid only for new FINE HOTELS & RESORTS bookings made through Platinum Travel Service, Business Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Service, americanexpress.com/fhr, any American Express Travel offices or the Agency Services Desk. Payment must be made in full with an American Express Card in the Platinum Card Member's or Centurion® Member's name. Available for Platinum Charge Card Members and Centurion® Members only, and excludes Platinum Credit Card Members such as Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Card Members who are not also Platinum Charge Card Members. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked to be eligible for benefits described. Noon check-in and room upgrade are based on availability and are provided at check-in. Breakfast amenity varies by property, but will be, at a minimum, a continental breakfast. Complimentary In-Room Wi-Fi is provided, with the exception of explora Patagonia where In-Room Wi-Fi is not available. In this instance, complimentary Wi-Fi will be provided in a common space on property. In the case where a Property includes cost of Wi-Fi in a mandatory resort fee, the Card Member will receive a daily credit from the Property in the standard amount that the Property charges for Wi-Fi. The credit will be issued on the Card Members final statement upon check-out. Benefit restrictions vary by FINE HOTELS & RESORTS property and cannot be redeemed for cash, and may not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Advance reservations are recommended for services such as spa, dining or golf in order to take advantage of the FINE HOTELS & RESORTS special amenity during your stay. Benefits are only applied at checkout and expire at checkout. Limit one benefit package per room, per stay. Three room limit per Card Member, per stay; back-to-back stays within a 24-hour period at the same property considered one stay. Participating FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties and benefits are subject to change.

Global Dining CollectionReservations are based on a first-come, first-served basis. In the event of a reservation cancellation, the Card Member will be subject to the restaurant's cancellation policy, which will be communicated to the Card Member by Concierge at the time of booking. Concierge is not responsible for informing the restaurant of your dietary restrictions or for the restaurant being able to accommodate the restrictions; we do ask that you provide this information directly to the restaurant.

Global Dining Collection Events and Experiences DisclosureEvent experiences are available on a first-come, first-served basis. Availability is limited.

Gold Card DestinationsValid for new bookings of a vacation package or cruise of at least $3,000 with a participating supplier made through American Express Travel or eligible Travel Representative Network agents. Not valid for online bookings. Payment must be made with an American Express Card in U.S. Consumer Gold Card Member, Platinum Card Member or Centurion member's name. $100 shipboard credit or instant savings benefits may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit per booking. May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Benefits listed are non-transferable and fare restrictions may apply. All shipboard credits will be credited to the guest's shipboard folio upon checkout. Shipboard credit amounts in international jurisdictions may vary due to foreign exchange rates and timing of application. Shipboard credits are subject to cruise line policies. Credits cannot be used for casino charges and gratuities. Unused portion of credit is non-refundable and is not redeemable for cash. Other restrictions may apply, see onboard cashier for details. Benefit varies by participating provider.

Hilton Honors Gold Status EnrollmentAs a Platinum Card Member you are eligible to enroll in complimentary Hilton Honors Gold status. Offer available only to Platinum Card Members and is not transferable. Full details of Gold status can be found at hiltonhonors.com/memberbenefits and is subject to change by Hilton. Gold status benefits are subject to availability at participating hotels and resorts within the Hilton Portfolio. Once you request enrollment in the Hilton Honors program, American Express will share your enrollment information with Hilton. Hilton may use this information in accordance with its privacy policy available at hiltonhonors.com/privacypolicy. If you already have Hilton Honors Gold status, you can maintain the benefit in the future because you do not need to meet any stay requirements. You maintain Gold status without meeting otherwise required criteria only while an eligible Card Member or until American Express notifies you that the benefit is terminated. Hilton Honors membership, earning and redemption of Points are subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions. All Hampton by Hilton hotels in the Republic of China are excluded from the Hilton Honors program. Visit hiltonhonors.com/terms for more details. ©2018 Hilton

InCircle®To get InCircle points, you must enroll your Platinum Card into InCircle. Once you have enrolled into InCircle, you will receive one InCircle point for each dollar of eligible purchases charged on your enrolled Platinum Card at Neiman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman, Last Call, Horchow or Cusp. For every 10,000 points you receive, you'll get a $100 InCircle Point Card, no redeeming necessary. Points cannot be received on sales tax, shipping, alterations, gift packaging, fur services, repair and cleaning of shoes, handbags, optical, precious jewelry, monogramming, salon products & services, and valet parking.To be eligible to receive Membership Rewards® points, you must be enrolled in the Membership Rewards® program at the time of purchase and you must charge your purchases to an eligible, enrolled American Express Card.For more information or to enroll into InCircle, call the number on the back of your Platinum Card.

Instant Card NumberInstant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly validate your identity. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an instant Card number that you can use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical Card will not be required. You may not have access to your full credit line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 business days of account approval.

International Airline ProgramThe discount applies to the base airfare of the ticket/s. All ticket/s are subject to government imposed taxes/fees and airline-imposed fuel/security surcharges/mandatory non-refundable fees. All ticket/s purchased through the program will have all valid fare rules and restrictions apply. Tickets will only be refundable if the ticket purchased is in a refundable fare class. Non-refundable American Express service fee of $39 (per ticket) applies to each ticket purchased through the program and itinerary change; this ticketing fee is waived for U.S. Centurion® Members. Airlines reserve right to modify fare rules/program participation prior to booking. Tickets are non-transferable or endorsable. To receive discount, the purchase of the qualifying First, Business, or Premium Economy Class ticket/s on a participating airline must be made over the phone through American Express Travel ( Platinum Travel Service, Business Platinum Travel, or Centurion Travel Service) and paid in full with an American Express Card in the U.S. Platinum Card Member's or U.S. Centurion® Member's name. Available for U.S. Platinum Charge Card Members and U.S. Centurion® Members only, and excludes Platinum Credit Card Members such as Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Card Members who are not also U.S. Platinum Charge Card Members or U.S. Centurion® Members. Travel must originate in and return to U.S. gateway (may exclude certain overseas territories) and select Canadian gateways. One-way travel permitted on some airlines where routing originates in U.S. or select Canadian Gateways. Available service classes in First, Business or Premium Economy are subject to airline availability. Card Member and up to seven additional First, Business or Premium Economy Class passengers must travel on same air itinerary. Not combinable with any other promotion and may not be available on all participating airline's code-share partners, i.e., flights marketed by the ticketing airline but operated by its code-share partner. Participating airlines and benefits are subject to change. Limited time airline flash sales and private sale fare offers are excluded.American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms.California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.

Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guaranteed" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, and (4) rates booked through the FINE HOTELS & RESORTS program. Details

Membership Rewards® Pay With PointsTo use Pay with Points, you must charge your eligible purchase through American Express Travel to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Card. Eligible purchases through American Express Travel exclude car reservations and non-prepaid hotels. Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card account used. If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price will remain on the American Express Card account. Minimum redemption 5,000 points.See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and conditions.If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Linked Account the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead the statement credit may be applied to your Pay in Full balance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by calling the number on the back of your Card.

Membership Rewards® ProgramTerms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms or call 1-800-AXP-EARN (297-3276) for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, purchases of travelers checks, purchase or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply. The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.

Membership Rewards® Program - Transfer Points (Domestic Airlines)Enrollment in a participating Frequent Flyer program is required. Airline tickets are subject to availability. For each conversion of points into the Frequent Flyer program of a U.S. airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee of $99, will be charged to your Card account. We charge this fee to offset the federal excise tax we must pay on such conversions. The fee may be more or less than the actual amount of the excise tax we pay on any individual conversion. We may offer you the option to redeem points to cover this fee.

No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.

No Interest ChargesIf you become eligible, you may be given the option to extend payment over time on certain charges using our Pay Over Time feature. If you use this feature, you may accrue interest on any charges you choose to pay over time.

No Preset Spending LimitNo preset spending limit does not mean unlimited spending. Purchasing power adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record and financial resources known to us, and other factors.

Platinum Destinations® VacationsValid only for new bookings of vacation packages made with a participating vacation supplier through Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Service, any American Express Travel office or the Agency Services Desk. May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Payment must be made in full with a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled Consumer or OPEN American Express Card in the U.S. Platinum Card Member's or U.S. Centurion® Member's name. Available for U.S. Platinum Charge Card Members and U.S. Centurion® Members only, and excludes Platinum Credit Card Members such as Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Card Members who are not also U.S Platinum Charge Card Members or U.S. Centurion® Members. Program benefits may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked to receive the extra Membership Rewards points. If booking through a travel agency, travel agent must visit americanexpress.com/asdonline to obtain extra points for the Card Member. Participating vacation suppliers and benefits subject to change. Get one (1) extra point per eligible dollar of spend on vacation packages, after you pay in full for the package; separate airfare and other charges associated with booking are not eligible. Extra points will be credited to Card Member's Membership Rewards account within 8-12 weeks after full payment by Card Member of the qualifying vacation package. See membershiprewards.com/terms for Membership Rewards program terms and conditions. Bonus ID: A8N5.

Premium AccessTransportation and accommodation costs are additional unless otherwise stated. The price indicated covers event costs only. Tax and gratuity extra. All sales are final and non-refundable, and resale is prohibited. Payment must be made using an eligible American Express® Card. Details and prices are subject to change. Packages are available on a first-come, first-served basis. Availability is limited. Must be 21 years of age or older to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. Participating merchants and available rewards are subject to change without notice.

Premium Global Assist® HotlineWhile Premium Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members may be responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. Premium Global Assist Hotline may provide emergency medical transportation assistance at no cost if approved and coordinated by Premium Global Assist Hotline. For full Terms and Conditions call 1-800-345-AMEX or see americanexpress.com/GAterms.

Premium Private Jet ProgramPremium Private Jet Program: On-Demand Charters/Membership Program: Valid for new bookings made by calling American Express Travel and fulfilled by Delta Private Jets, Inc. (see "Delta Private Jets", below). Payment must be made with a U.S. American Express Card issued in the Platinum Card Member or Centurion Member's name. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. May not be combined with other offers. Benefits listed are non-transferable and are not redeemable for cash. Participating provider and benefits subject to change. Delta Private Jets: Flights are operated by Delta Private Jets, Inc., an FAA-certificated Part 135 air carrier, or by another FAA-certificated Part 135 or Part 121 air carrier in Delta Private Jets' network of affiliated operators. All charter flights are subject to Delta Private Jets' charter terms and conditions, which must be executed at the time of booking. All Delta Private Jets Jet Card purchases are subject to the Jet Card Agreement, which must be executed at the time of funding. The 20% discount on Delta scheduled flights (applicable to published fares excluding taxes and fees) is limited to select fare classes on Delta-marketed and operated flights and requires booking through a Delta Private Jets Jet Card account representative; full terms are provided in the Jet Card Agreement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries and affiliate (such entities together referred to as "Amex") do not possess DOT or FAA authority to engage in air transportation. American Express is not responsible for the acts or omissions of its service providers, and by participating you waive any implied warranties and disclaim reliance on any representations made by American Express regarding service provider's qualifications, certifications, or fitness to conduct flights.

Premium Roadside AssistancePremium Roadside Assistance provides the following services at no additional cost up to 4 times per calendar year when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle: towing up to 10 miles, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Card Member will be charged for the costs of towing in excess of 10 miles and any other additional services. Coverage is available in the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. In case of inclement weather, we may be unable to provide you with services. Services may not be available or may be at the cost of the Card Member on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.

Premium Uber BenefitOnly Basic Card Members on a Platinum card account are eligible for Uber VIP and monthly ride Credits. To receive this benefit, you must have downloaded the Uber App version 3.219 or later for iOS or version 3.126 or later for Android and your eligible Platinum card must be a method of payment in your Uber account. If you are assigned a new Card number, you must update your method of payment in your Uber account. Cards added to your Uber account through a third party such as Apple Pay or PayPal will not be eligible. A Platinum card account may receive this benefit on one Uber account. If the same Card is added to multiple Uber accounts, only the first Uber account to which the Card is added will receive the benefit. Uber VIP is available in select cities and is governed by Uber's terms and conditions. Credit may be applied to all Uber car types and UberEATS orders. To redeem monthly ride Credits, you must select to use the Credit in your Uber app prior to completing the Uber ride or placing the UberEATS order. The discount will not apply to previous Uber transactions and cannot be used when paying with an UberFAMILY profile. New and existing Uber users are eligible. Uber will apply discount at the point of sale. There is no limit to the number of transactions you may apply the Credit to each month, up to a total of $15 in Credits per month. Each year in December, you may apply up to $35 in Credit. The discounted cost of a ride will be displayed on your post-ride email receipt. If you are eligible to receive additional Membership Rewards points on your ride transaction, points will be awarded on the balance after Credits are applied. Credit may only be applied within the United States. Monthly ride Credit expires at 11:59 PM Hawaii Standard Time on the last day of each month. Unused Credit will not carry over to the following month. Credit will be applied for the month in which the transaction is completed. If transaction is eligible for another promotion that you have added to your Uber account, the promotion will be applied before the Credit. Certain Uber-branded credits may be applied to your balance prior to this Credit. For purposes of fulfilling upon this benefit, American Express will share with Uber certain information about your card, including the card type, and updated Card information from time to time. If you do not wish to participate in this program, please call the number on the back of your Card

Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.

Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.

Shop Saks with Platinum (Effective July 1, 2018)Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on a U.S. Consumer Platinum Card® Account can enroll in the benefit. Eligible purchases must be charged to the enrolled Card Account for the benefit to apply. Purchases by both the enrolled Basic Card Member and Additional Card Members on the eligible Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, each Card Account is only eligible for up to a $50 statement credit from January through June and up to a $50 statement credit from July through December for a total of $100 per calendar year in statement credits across all Cards on the Account. Valid at Saks Fifth Avenue online or at locations in the US and US Territories. Not valid on Saks Fifth Avenue Gift Cards or purchases at outlet locations (in stores and online). Excludes purchases at restaurants located within the store and Online Bill Pay for Saks Credit. Not valid on online purchases shipped outside of the US. Please allow 2-4 weeks after an eligible purchase is charged to your Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. Please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 4 weeks from the date of purchase. Note that American Express may not receive information about your eligible purchase from merchant until all items from your eligible purchase have been provided/shipped by merchant. Statement credit may be reversed if the eligible purchase is returned/cancelled. If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as eligible for the benefit, you will not receive the statement credit. For example, your transaction will not be eligible if it is not made directly with the merchant. In addition, in most cases, you may not receive the statement credit if your transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it. To be eligible for this benefit, Card Account(s) must be not canceled and not past due at the time of statement credits fulfillment. If a charge for an eligible purchase is included in a Pay Over Time feature balance on your Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time feature balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card.

Shop Small® MapOnly qualifying American Express Card accepting small merchants will be featured on the map. Please note that business location and other information provided on the map may contain inaccuracies or errors, including as a result of information provided by third parties. The data on this map is constantly being updated, please continually check back for updates.

Shop with Membership Rewards PointsWelcome. If you use points for products through membershiprewards.com, you accept these Conditions of Use. Please read them carefully.When using points for products through membershiprewards.com you are purchasing directly from a merchant, not from American Express. Participating merchants determine (i) product prices and availability, (ii) offers, promotions and applicable restrictions, (iii) estimated shipping and (iv) estimated tax, all of which are subject to change and are only confirmed in the order confirmation email sent by the merchant.USE OF THIS SITEYou agree to use this site for lawful purposes only. American Express reserves the right to interrupt or restrict your access to this site, without notice to you, if we suspect fraudulent or abusive activity. American Express uses commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the security of this site; however, you acknowledge and agree that there is no guarantee of absolute security of information that is communicated over the Internet.USE OF MEMBERSHIP REWARDS POINTSFor accounts that qualify, Membership Rewards points will be deducted for the purchase amount displayed at checkout; such amount includes estimated tax and estimated shipping/handling charges. A debit for the purchase, including actual tax and actual shipping/handling charges, will be issued by the participating merchant and a credit for the purchase amount displayed at checkout, will be issued to the Card account selected during checkout. Please note: The debit and the credit may not appear on the same statement. If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Card account the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by calling the number on the back of your Card.Permitted returns of merchandise may result in a credit on your Card account. You can convert this credit back into points by calling Membership Rewards.The following Membership Rewards enrollees are not eligible to use points to purchase products through membershiprewards.com: • Membership Rewards enrollees with any account that is canceled, past due or has a return payment outstanding.REJECTED ORDERSIf we are unable to place your order with the participating merchant you have selected, your order will be cancelled. If this occurs, you will receive an email notifying you of the order cancelation. If you have an active Membership Rewards program account, the points associated with the cancelled order will be returned to your program account. As a result, the Card account you selected at checkout will have both a statement credit and a reversal of that statement credit for the dollar amount associated with the points you redeemed for the cancelled order. If you have an inactive program account, the points you redeemed for the cancelled order will not be returned to your program account and you will have a statement credit for the dollar amount associated with the points you redeemed for the cancelled order on the Card account you selected at checkout.PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONSYou acknowledge that participating merchants provide their own product descriptions. American Express does not warrant that such product descriptions of the site are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.CONFIRMING PRICESThe price for the items in your Shopping Cart reflects the most recent price provided to American Express by the merchant. Please note that this price may differ from the price shown for the item when you first placed it in your cart. If during order placement with the merchant, an item's price is higher than the price indicated at checkout on the site we will cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. However, if the shipping or tax charges are higher than the estimates indicated on the site, we will proceed with and place your orderSHIPPINGShipping fees, policies and limitations are determined by the merchant, and shipping fees are only confirmed in the order confirmation email sent by the merchant. Please note, only a selection of merchants ship to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands, For each participating merchant's full shipping details visit the Store Details and Policies pageWEB SITE RULES AND REGULATIONSAll rules, regulations and disclaimers set forth in the American Express Web Site Rules and Regulations apply to your use of this site, and are incorporated by reference into these Conditions of Use. Please carefully review the Web Site Rules and Regulations.

ShopRunnerShopRunner Benefit Terms and Conditions Enrolling in the Benefit. To get the free ShopRunner membership benefit compliments of American Express (the "benefit"), you must go to www.shoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify your eligibility for the benefit with an eligible Card account number and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner membership account ("ShopRunner account"). For details on how the ShopRunner membership works, please see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use of your ShopRunner membership benefit. You may also be able to enroll in this benefit through access provided to ShopRunner at participating online stores or through an email provided by American Express if it has determined that you have an eligible Card. An "eligible Card" means an American Express U.S. Consumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card that is not cancelled and that is issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible. ShopRunner will verify with American Express the eligibility of your Credit or Charge Card account number for the benefit. Maintaining the Benefit. To maintain this benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must maintain an eligible Card. The benefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner account if you do not have an eligible Card. You can maintain only one benefit per eligible Card. During your enrollment in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Express will verify your benefit eligibility. Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Memberships. If you enroll in the benefit and sign up with an existing ShopRunner account, ShopRunner will cancel the term of your existing ShopRunner account. If you paid a fee for any unused portion of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRunner will provide you with a pro rata refund for that portion in accordance with ShopRunner's refund policy. The refund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after enrollment and will be issued to the payment method you used to pay the fee. If a portion of the cancelled term of membership was promotional or free, the free period will be cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by you. If you currently have a free or promotional membership on your ShopRunner account, you should consider whether to enroll in the benefit at this time.General Terms. An eligible Card can be used to verify eligibility for only one benefit enrollment. American Express may receive and use your personal data from ShopRunner, which may include personally identifiable information and Credit Card information, to determine eligibility and further develop features and services related to the benefit. American Express may send you emails regarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any information American Express collects from you or from ShopRunner shall be governed by the American Express Online Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpress.com/privacy). American Express may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminate this benefit at any time. You can review these Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.

SkyMiles ProgramAll SkyMiles® program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Taxes and fees for Award Travel are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the ticket is booked. Award Travel seats are limited and may not be available on all flights or in all markets. Partners airline benefits subject to change and subject to the terms and conditions of each partner. All Delta Sky Club rules apply to Delta Sky Club use. To review the rules visit Delta.com/skyclub. Offer, rules and benefits subject to change.

Spending LimitsWhen you request that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreement.At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing period.Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.The Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions.

Starwood Preferred Guest GoldAs a Platinum Card® Member or Business Platinum Card® Member you are eligible to enroll in complimentary Starwood Preferred Guest® (SPG ®) Gold Preferred Guest status. Once you request enrollment within the Starwood Preferred Guest Program at Gold level, American Express will share your enrollment information with Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. ("Starwood"). Starwood may use this information in accordance with its privacy statement available at spg.com/privacy. You will maintain Gold Preferred Guest status without meeting otherwise required SPG Program criteria as long as you remain an eligible American Express Card Member or until American Express notifies you that the benefit is terminated. SPG member benefits are subject to change, availability and certain eligibility requirements. Reservations booked through third parties and online booking sources are not eligible. For complete SPG Program terms visit www.spg.com/terms. SPG program amenities may be combined with the FINE HOTELS & RESORTS program. Upgrades are based upon availability and will vary by property.

The American Express Auto Purchasing Program DisclosureFor a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that a Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP on any in-stock vehicle that is the same make, model, and trim as your Configured Vehicle. The Guaranteed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is based on a vehicle without factory or dealer installed options and includes generally available manufacturer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that the Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP of the vehicle with the specific VIN listed and includes savings on factory-installed options. If you change your vehicle or the optional features, it will change your savings. For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.

The Boingo American Express Preferred PlanComplimentary access to Boingo Wi-Fi is being provided as a benefit to Card Members with eligible Cards. In order to access the benefit, Card Members with eligible Cards must first be authenticated and create a Boingo American Express Preferred Plan (or, the “AXP Plan”) account. Internet access may be required in order to be authenticated and create an account. For questions on eligibility, call the number on the back of your Card.If you submit your American Express Card number to Boingo to verify that your Card is eligible for this benefit, Boingo will send your Card number to American Express. Upon receipt of your Card number from Boingo, American Express will provide confirmation of your Card's eligibility for the American Express Preferred Plan to Boingo. Boingo will not store or use your Card number for any other purpose. Boingo's use of this information is subject to its privacy policy.If you have an existing paid Boingo subscription plan, your existing plan will not be automatically cancelled when you enroll in the AXP Plan. If you would like to cancel any existing paid subscription plan, call Boingo's dedicated AXP Plan line.The AXP Plan only provides access to land-based Wi-Fi services and does not include in-flight Wi-Fi. Available hotspots in Boingo's network, including those managed and operated by Boingo and its partners (“Boingo's Network”) are subject to change at any time. Visit http://wifi.boingo.com to locate hotspots.Your use of Boingo's Wi-Fi services is subject to Boingo's End User License Agreement and Customer Agreement and other applicable terms and conditions, including Boingo's privacy and security policies, available at www.boingo.com. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Boingo's terms and conditions, American Express Card Members with eligible Cards (i) will not be charged for enrollment in the AXP Plan, and (ii) will be permitted to connect no more than four devices to Boingo's Network per month. Simultaneous use of devices with a single account is limited to a hotspot.By subscribing for this benefit, you acknowledge that American Express is not responsible for and does not guarantee the quality, security, coverage or availability of Boingo's Network or the free Wi-Fi hotspots accessed through the Wi-Finder App. You agree that use of Wi-Fi accessed through Boingo is at your own risk.Use of the AXP Plan is limited to authorized Card Members only.This benefit is non-transferable, it is your responsibility to ensure that no one else has access to your account details. Your account may be terminated for breach of any terms or conditions or for abuse of your AXP Plan account.From time to time, Boingo may request that you re-authenticate your Boingo American Express Preferred Plan account in order to confirm that you are still a Card Member with an eligible Card. You can receive alerts and connect seamlessly to Boingo by downloading the Wi-Finder App to your laptop, tablet and mobile devices. This benefit is subject to change or cancellation without notice.

The Centurion LoungePlatinum Card Members have unlimited complimentary access to all locations of The Centurion Lounge. Gold Card and Green Card Additional Cards on your Platinum Card account are not eligible for complimentary access. Card Members may bring up to two (2) companions into The Centurion Lounge. To access The Centurion Lounge, the Card Member must present The Centurion Lounge agent with the following upon each visit: his or her valid Card, a boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for same-day travel on any carrier and a government-issued I.D. Failure to present this documentation may result in access being denied. Card Members will not be compensated for changes in locations, rates or policies. A Card Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent or legal guardian. For locations with a self-service bar, the Card Member must be of legal drinking age in the location's jurisdiction to enter without a parent or legal guardian. Must be of legal drinking age to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from the Lounge for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to rules, including, but not limited to, conduct that is disruptive, abusive or violent. Access is subject to space availability. Hours may vary by location and are subject to change. Amenities vary among The Centurion Lounge locations and are subject to change. Services and amenities in the Lounge are complimentary, however you are responsible for any purchases and/or servicing charges you authorize our Member Services Professionals to perform on your behalf. Some American Express Cards are not eligible for all services provided by Member Services Desk. American Express will not be liable for any articles lost or stolen or damages suffered by the purchaser or visitor inside The Centurion Lounge. Use of The Centurion Lounge is subject to all rules and conditions set by American Express. American Express reserves the right to revise the rules at any time without notice. ©2018 American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. All rights reserved

The Hotel CollectionThe Hotel Collection: Valid for new bookings with participating providers of at least two consecutive nights made through Platinum Travel Service, Business Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Service,amextravel.com or any American Express Travel location. Available only for the following U.S. American Express Card Members: Consumer and Business Gold Card Members, and Business Gold Rewards Card Members, Consumer and Business Platinum Card ® Members and Consumer and Business Centurion® Members ("Eligible Card Members"). The term "Eligible Card Members" does not include Gold and Platinum Credit Card Members such as Gold Delta SkyMiles® Card Members. Payment must be made in full with an American Express Card in the Eligible Card Member's name. Eligible Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Eligible Card Member will receive hotel credit upon checkout equal to $1 for each eligible dollar spent, up to $75, which amount will be credited upon check-out based on qualifying charges made by the Eligible Card Member excluding charges for taxes, gratuities, fees and cost of room. Additional exclusions based on specific hotel restrictions may also apply (including without limitation purchases within the hotel that are unaffiliated and/or owned by third parties) - see applicable hotel front desk for details. Credit cannot be carried over to another stay, is not redeemable for cash and expires at check-out. Credit is non-exchangeable and non-refundable and is applied in USD or equivalent in local currency based on exchange rate on day of arrival. May not be combined with other offers or programs unless indicated. Limit one credit per room, per stay. Room upgrade is based on availability and eligibility at check-in. Three-room limit per Eligible Card Member per stay; back-to-back stays within a 24-hour period at the same property are considered one stay. Hotel nightly rates vary by property, dates, room category and occupancy. Participating providers and benefits are subject to change. For bookings made on amextravel.com, eligible Card Members receive Double Points on each The Hotel Collection booking or can use Pay with Points.

The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders GroupOnly American Express Gold, Premier Rewards Gold, Classic Gold, Traditional Gold, Senior Gold, Ameriprise Gold, Business Gold Rewards, Platinum, Morgan Stanley Platinum, Mercedes Platinum, Schwab Platinum, Ameriprise Platinum, Goldman Sachs Platinum and Business Platinum Card® Members, who are residents of the United States, its territories or possessions, are eligible to enroll in complimentary membership to The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders Group. Benefit available to Basic Card Member only, except that additional Card Members on Gold, Premier Rewards Gold, Classic Gold, Traditional Gold, Senior Gold and Ameriprise Gold Card accounts are also eligible to enroll in complimentary membership. To enroll, you must call Travel Leaders Group at 877-485-8053. Travel Leaders Group will use your enrollment information in accordance with its privacy statement available at tlcstaging.vacation.com/Public/Privacy. Once enrolled, you will remain a members in The Travel Collection as long as you remain an eligible American Express Card Member, until you cancel your enrollment or until American Express notifies you that the benefit is terminated. To un-enroll, you must call Travel Leaders Group at 877-485-8053. The Travel Collection member benefits, amenities and offers are subject to change. For complete program terms on The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders Group visit tlcstaging.vacation.com/Public/Program-Terms.

Using Points for ChargesUsing Points for Your Charges is only available to Basic Consumer and OPEN Card Members enrolled in the U.S. Membership Rewards® program. Additional Card Members, Authorized Additional Card Members, and Corporate Card Members are not eligible. Account managers and Rewards managers may be eligible to use points by calling the number on the back of your Card but are not eligible to use points online. All Linked Card Accounts must not be canceled, past due or have a returned payment outstanding. A minimum of 1,000 Membership Rewards points in your program Account is required and you may use Membership Rewards points only toward the entire amount of an eligible charge. American Express will present the eligible charges you can use points towards, and we may change which charges are eligible at any time without notice. American Express is under no obligation to make charges available for redemption using Membership Rewards points. For each transaction, points will be debited immediately from your Membership Rewards program Account and a credit will be issued to your Linked Card Account for the corresponding dollar amount within 48 hours. Credits processed after the Card Account's statement closing date will appear in the following billing period. You are responsible for payment of the amount due on your Card Account by the due date even after using this feature. To learn about this feature and redeem points online, visit membershiprewards.com/yourcharges.

Year-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.

AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide
Baggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.

Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as damages to other vehicles or property, or injury to other persons. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.

Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.

Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.

Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.


