PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO READ IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT RATES, FEES, AND OTHER CO
ST INFORMATION BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION.Important information regardin
g rates, fees, and other cost informationPayment InformationFeesAnnual Membershi
p Fee$0 for the first year, then $250Transaction Fees Foreign TransactionNonePen
alty Fees Late Payment1.5% then 2.99% of the past due amount (minimum: $38)Retur
ned Payment$38 TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement. By subm
itting this application, you, as an individual and the Authorizing Officer of th
e Company, (a) are requesting us to open an Account in the name of the Company, 
(b) are requesting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be j
ointly and severally liable with the Company for all charges to the account, and
 (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED F
OR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be
 approved for a Card Account. This offer is available to US Residents. When you 
use the Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card M
ember Agreement that will be provided to you for the Account. The Card Member Ag
reement includes an arbitration provision, which impacts the opportunity to have
 claims related to the Account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to part
icipate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the terms of, or 
add new terms to, the Card Member Agreement at any time, subject to applicable l
aw. We may apply any changed or new terms to any existing and future balances on
 your Account, subject to applicable law.    You promise that the information yo
u provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this infor
mation and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us 
and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at an
y time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon reque
st, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and addr
ess of the agency that provided it. Additional Cards: You must notify Additional
 Card Members that we may obtain, provide, and use information about them and th
at their use of your Account is subject to certain provisions of the Card Member
 Agreement. The maximum number of Additional Cards issued on each Account is 99.
 Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, 
verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, 
including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allo
w us to verify your identity.   Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges no
t in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balance
s from month to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess
 of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from mont
h to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire out
standing balance, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against d
iscrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all cr
edit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate cred
it histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission a
dministers compliance with this law. The Plum Card(R) is issued by an American E
xpress bank. ©2018 American Express. All rights reserved.POID CF8B:0001OFFER TER
MSAnnual Fee The annual fee of $250 for your Basic Card is waived for the first 
year of your Membership. The annual fee for Additional Plum Cards is $0.BENEFIT 
TERMSThe following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.A
ccount ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mai
ling Address and Social Security Number.American Express Presale(s)During the sp
ecified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express®
 Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purch
ased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). 
Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats 
are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchange
s. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of America
n Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.B
uy Big"Buy Big" does not mean that all charges will be approved. Purchasing powe
r can adjust with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record and 
financial resources known to us, and other factors.Connect to QuickBooksConnect 
to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online and is available for use with Busines
s Cards from American Express OPEN. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit 
Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo a
re registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are re
solved in the Card Member's favor.Early Pay DiscountGet a 1.5% discount on the p
ortion of your eligible charges balance that you pay within 10 days of your stat
ement closing date, as long as you pay at least your Minimum Payment Due by your
 Payment Due Date. The discount will appear as a credit on the following billing
 statement. Eligible charges are purchases for goods and services minus returns 
and other credits. Eligible charges do NOT include previously deferred amounts, 
past due amounts, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or re
loading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents.Employee Card S
pending LimitsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be set up online or by calling t
he number on the back of your Card. The Spending Limit is not a guarantee that t
he Employee Card Member will be able to make purchases up to that limit. There a
re certain purchases where the limit does not apply, such as, for example, resta
urant tips and hotel stays extended beyond their original reservation period, an
d the overall Account capacity is taken into consideration. You agree to pay all
 Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree tha
t we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to an
y Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. For m
ore information on the application of the limit, please refer to the Employee Ca
rd Spending Limits Terms and Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/t
erms, which will also be provided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this featu
re.Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales
 period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members
 (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an 
American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard serv
ice charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available
 and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may 
be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. So
me events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Extra Days to 
PayIf you pay at least the Minimum Payment Due (which is 10% of the balance from
 new activity on your current billing statement plus the entire amount of any pr
eviously deferred balance, as long as your account is current) by the Payment Du
e Date on your current billing statement, you can defer payment of the remainder
 of your New Balance until the Payment Due Date on your next billing statement w
ithout incurring interest.FX International Payments - SecureFX International Pay
ments incorporates encryption, both for stored data (such as account information
) and for payments created and transmitted in real-time. The FX International Pa
yments platform is deployed within American Express' state of the art data cente
r that features advanced online and offline security and monitoring against inte
rnet attacks. FX International Payments implements American Express standards re
lating to information integrity, transaction security and information security.F
X International Payments Live Exchange Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may n
ot be available outside of business hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)FXIP-
 Standard DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of American Express T
ravel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service is not a
vailable to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required 
to complete an application which is subject to review and approval by American E
xpress. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 888-
391-9971.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and ass
istance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card
 Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.
 For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Lowest Hotel Rat
es GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and th
en find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of
 children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refu
nd you the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before t
he date of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guaranteed" policy applies only to online 
rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that a
re not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate
, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citiz
en rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with fre
quent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sw
eepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow y
ou to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promo
tional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include addi
tional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, and (4) rates booked 
through the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS program. DetailsNo Foreign Transaction Fee
sAmerican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases y
ou make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circu
mstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.No Preset 
Spending LimitNo preset spending limit does not mean unlimited spending. Purchas
ing power adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record
 and financial resources known to us, and other factors.Premium Roadside Assista
ncePremium Roadside Assistance provides the following services at no additional 
cost up to 4 times per calendar year when Card Member is present with the eligib
le vehicle: towing up to 10 miles, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when 
Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and del
ivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Card Member will be charged for the costs of t
owing in excess of 10 miles and any other additional services. Coverage is avail
able in the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and 
the U.S. Virgin Islands. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental 
vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 1
0,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. In case of inc
lement weather, we may be unable to provide you with services. Services may not 
be available or may be at the cost of the Card Member on roadways which restrict
 access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for veh
icles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions a
nd exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americane
xpress.com/RAterms.Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligibl
e purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage i
s limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $
1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. S
hipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are elig
ible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be return
ed to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases 
are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer
 software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made
 in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Is
lands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the
 purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cos
t. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and ex
clusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.Rewards
 Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, conditions and restrictions vary by individ
ual Card products.Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Compa
ny, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not respon
sible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware th
at certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales 
targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors
. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms Californ
ia CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.Spend ManagerSpend Manag
erSM is a feature of American Express Business and Corporate Cards. American Exp
ress is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed. 
Receipts will be stored until the earliest of the following: (1) seven years fro
m the end of the year that the receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that your on
line account is closed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, American Express may dele
te or purge receipts for any reason in its sole discretion, with or without noti
ce.Spend Manager and Connect to QuickBooksSpend ManagerSM and Connect to QuickBo
oks® are two separate business tools available with Business Cards from American
 Express OPEN that were created to work together. American Express is not respon
sible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed in your QuickBooks.
 You must enroll in Connect to QuickBooks from your American Express online acco
unt. Connect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online. For details about Spend
 ManagerSM, go to www.open.com/spendmanager. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots 
© Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the 
QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Spend Manager Mobile AppThe Spen
d ManagerSM Mobile App is only available with American Express Business and Corp
orate Cards. Not all functionality is available with Corporate Cards. The Spend 
ManagerSM Mobile App is only available on the App Store(R) and Google Play™. App
le, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U
.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play i
s a trademark of Google Inc.Tier One Program TermsLast Modified: January 2018 Ti
er One(R) Program The Tier One Program (the “Program”) offers additional benefit
s to certain business customers of American Express that (1) meet the Eligibilit
y Requirements set forth below and (2) are selected by American Express to parti
cipate in the Program for the upcoming program year (April - March, a “Program Y
ear”). Program benefits will be determined by American Express in its sole discr
etion and may vary from year to year. Eligibility Requirements In order to be co
nsidered for the Program, a business must: be the business named on one or more 
U.S.- issued Business Charge Cards or Corporate Cards from American Express; hav
e its billing address in the United States (including the District of Columbia, 
American Samoa, Armed Forces Pacific, Federated States of Micronesia, Guam, Mars
hall Islands, Northern Mariana Islands, Palau, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin 
Islands);  not have been enrolled in the American Express CARE Program, or any o
ther hardship program with American Express, nor have been subject to a Responsi
ble Lending Action by American Express, during the previous calendar year (the p
receding January 1 – December 31, the “Previous Year”); not have any transitiona
l recovery products from American Express during the Previous Year; not have any
 Business Card account that has been 30 days or more past due during the Previou
s Year; not have any Corporate Card program, Business Travel Account or Buyer In
itiated Payment program with total 30 day or more past due balances exceeding 10
% of total outstanding balance and exceeding $5,000 in total during the Previous
 Year;  have made eligible purchases* totaling $5 million or more in the aggrega
te in the Previous Year, across all of its American Express U.S.-issued: Busines
s Charge Card and Business Credit Card Accounts (including purchases made by Add
itional Card Members), Corporate Card Accounts, and Business Travel Accounts, an
d through the American Express Buyer Initiated Payments platform in the U.S. (th
e “Spending Requirement”).  *Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and serv
ices minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or 
interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers check
s, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, Purchases of gift cards; person-to-p
erson payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Product features vary. N
ot all of the foregoing transactions are available on every product that may be 
used to meet the Spending Requirement.  We use the date of purchase to determine
 whether a purchase was made during the Previous Year. A date of purchase may so
metimes be different from the date on which you made the transaction. For exampl
e, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are ship
ped. Also, if you use your Card while traveling (such as on a hotel or car renta
l), the purchase date may be the date you complete that travel. The foregoing ar
e the “Eligibility Requirements”.Selection At the beginning of each calendar yea
r, American Express will (1) determine which businesses met the Eligibility Requ
irements in the Previous Year, and, from that group, (2) identify the businesses
 that American Express, in its sole discretion, considers to be part of its midd
le market customer segment in the U.S. (“Eligible Middle Market Customers”). All
 Eligible Middle Market Customers will be included in the Program for the next P
rogram Year, or until their participation in the Program is terminated in accord
ance with these Program Terms.  Termination of Tier One Status A business’s part
icipation in the Program will automatically terminate upon the termination of it
s last American Express U.S. Business Charge Card or Corporate Card account, or 
at the end of the Program Year if the business is not selected for the Program f
or the following Program Year in accordance with these Program Terms. American E
xpress may, in its sole discretion, terminate a business’s participation in the 
Program by written notice during the Program Year. American Express will have no
 further liability or obligation under the Program upon termination of a busines
s’s participation in the Program. Participation in the Program, will not affect 
American Express’s maintenance of all Card accounts in accordance with its consi
stently applied risk policies and practices, including but not limited to underw
riting decisions such as increasing or reducing spend capacity or lines of credi
t, and terminating accounts.  Interpretation Decisions of American Express with 
respect to the interpretation and application of these Program Terms – including
 decisions about a business’s eligibility for the Program – will be made by Amer
ican Express in its sole discretion. If you have questions about your business’s
 eligibility for the Program, please call the number on the back of your Busines
s Card or contact 1-888-800-8564. Modification of Tier One Program Terms America
n Express reserves the right to modify these Program Terms at any time. We will 
indicate that changes have been made by updating the “Last Modified” date above.
 Your continued participation in the Program after the Program Terms have been m
odified constitutes your agreement to the modified Program Terms. MODIFICATION &
amp; CANCELLATION OF THE PROGRAM American Express reserves the right to modify o
r cancel the Program at any time at its discretion without prior notice or liabi
lity to you.Year–End SummaryThe Online Year–End Summary, typically available in 
January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through Decemb
er 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important inform
ation on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance 
PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administra
tive Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI
, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tok
io Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. T
his benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of
 Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage
 is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicab
le to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not sup
plement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for
 travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible
 Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carri
er. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or 
in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Expr
ess Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of paym
ent or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or par
t of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage
. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that yo
u have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the
 Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms
.Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is und
erwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Po
licy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For reside
nts of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Lim
ited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to
 residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, 
Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, co
nditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject 
to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies
. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented fro
m a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that al
low individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover s
ome vehicles, e.g off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described i
n the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means
 it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This
 product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such
 things as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to oth
er persons, or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditi
ons, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is un
derwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under P
olicy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For resident
s of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limit
ed, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to r
esidents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Pa
lau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, con
ditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject t
o change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. E
xtended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on
 warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty 
if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide on
e additional year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year an
d five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded.
 Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a
 result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their 
parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amou
nt charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10
,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calen
dar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we
 will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see a
mericanexpress.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritte
n by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0
951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU a
nd MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagat
na, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents 
of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and t
he US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, a
nd exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change w
ith notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping an
d handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are no
t covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items and m
otorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other
 important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged 
to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to e
xceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to 
send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that ship
ping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible
 benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Co
nditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accide
nt Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, P
hoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI
-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacif
ic Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111. This benefit is not ava
ilable to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall 
Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the 
terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is
 subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the
 Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carr
ier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means
 the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Bas
ic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with Amer
ican Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points prog
ram for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer mi
les or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will 
not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents
 of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing 
on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Cond
itions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.