PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO READ IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT RATES, FEES, AND OTHER CO
ST INFORMATION BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION.Important information regardin
g rates, fees, and other cost informationPayment InformationAll charges made on 
this charge card are due and payable when you receive your periodic statement (I
f you are not enrolled in the Pay Over Time feature).FeesAnnual Membership Fee$4
50Transaction Fees Foreign TransactionNonePenalty Fees Late Payment$38 or 2.99% 
of any past due Pay in Full amount, whichever is greater.Returned Payment$38Info
rmation Regarding the Pay Over Time Feature.The standard Annual Percentage Rate 
(APR) for Pay Over Time balances is currently 19.74% (Prime Rate + 14.99%). The 
penalty APR for Pay Over Time balances is currently 29.99% (Prime Rate + 25.99%)
. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%. The standard APR and penalty 
APR will vary based on the Prime Rate. Variable APRs are accurate as of 03/22/20
18. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement. By submitting this
 application, you, as an individual and the Authorizing Officer of the Company, 
(a) are requesting us to open an Account in the name of the Company, (b) are req
uesting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be jointly and 
severally liable with the Company for all charges to the account, and (d) are RE
PRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCI
AL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be approved f
or a Card Account. This offer is available to US Residents. When you use the Acc
ount (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agree
ment that will be provided to you for the Account. The Card Member Agreement inc
ludes an arbitration provision, which impacts the opportunity to have claims rel
ated to the Account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in 
a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the terms of, or add new ter
ms to, the Card Member Agreement at any time, subject to applicable law. We may 
apply any changed or new terms to any existing and future balances on your Accou
nt, subject to applicable law.    You promise that the information you provide o
n this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and 
to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our aff
iliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for 
marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will
 tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the 
agency that provided it. Additional Cards: You must notify Additional Card Membe
rs that we may obtain, provide, and use information about them and that their us
e of your Account is subject to certain provisions of the Card Member Agreement.
 The maximum number of Additional Cards issued on each Account is 99. Patriot Ac
t Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and 
record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including y
our name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to ver
ify your identity.   Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess
 of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from mont
h to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those p
ermitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
 You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding ba
lance, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discriminati
on require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy
 customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit historie
s on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers 
compliance with this law. The Business Platinum Card(R) is issued by an American
 Express bank. ©2018 American Express Bank. All rights reserved.POID GAT8:0001OF
FER TERMSWelcome bonus offer not available to applicants who have or have had th
is product.Limited Time Offer Earn up to 100,000 Membership Rewards® points. To 
be eligible to earn 50,000 additional points, you must charge $10,000 (the "Thre
shold Amount") of eligible purchases*, OR to be eligible for another 50,000 addi
tional points (for a total of 100,000 points), you must charge a total of $25,00
0 in eligible purchases. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member
 and any Additional Card Members on a single Card Account. You must charge your 
eligible purchases during the first 3 months of membership on an eligible Busine
ss Platinum Card® from American Express OPEN. Limit one offer per Card Account. 
We will credit the 50,000 additional points or another 50,000 additional points 
(for a total of 100,000 points) depending on whether you spent $10,000 or more o
r $25,000 or more on eligible purchases during those first 3 months. Offer may n
ot be combined with any other special offer. Your Card account must not be cance
led or past due at the time of fulfillment of any offers. *Eligible purchases ar
e purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible pur
chases do NOT include fees or interest charges, purchases of travelers checks, p
urchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents, 
purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments. You can earn 50,000 points a
fter you spend $10,000 or more in eligible purchases or another 50,000 additiona
l points (for a total of 100,000 points) after you spend $25,000 or more on elig
ible purchases on your Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership starti
ng from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spe
nd $10,000 (or $25,000) may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in rece
iving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some 
cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purc
hase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you b
uy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). The 5
0,000 (or 100,000) additional points will be credited to your Membership Rewards
® account 8-12 weeks after you have met the eligible purchase requirement. If we
 in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gam
ing in connection with the welcome bonus offer in any way or that you intend to 
do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome bon
us offer (s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your acc
ount within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases y
ou made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit Membership Rewards® poi
nts to, we may freeze Membership Rewards® points credited to, or we may take awa
y Membership Rewards® points from your account. We may also cancel this Card acc
ount and other Card accounts you may have with us. If your application is not re
ceived by 08/08/2018, we will not process your application even if we later rece
ive your application. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke of
fer at any time. Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply.
 Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partners 
and available rewards are subject to change without notice. The value of Members
hip Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more
, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.BENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits
 and services are subject to change or cancellation.$200 Airline Fee Credit - Bu
siness PlatinumBenefit is available to Consumer and Business Platinum Card® and 
Centurion® Members only. To receive statement credits of up to $200 per calendar
 year toward incidental air travel fees, Card Member must select one qualifying 
airline at www.americanexpress.com/airlinechoice. Only the Basic Card Member or 
Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Card Account can select the qualifying airl
ine. Card Members who have not chosen a qualifying airline will be able to do so
 at any time. Card Members who have already selected a qualifying airline will b
e able to change their choice one time each year in January at www.americanexpre
ss.com/airlinechoice or by calling the number on the back of the Card. Card Memb
ers who do not change their airline selection will remain with their current air
line. The qualifying airline Business Platinum Card Members select for this $200
 benefit and the 35% Airline Bonus must be the same. Statement Credits: Incident
al air travel fees must be charged to the Card Member on the eligible Card Accou
nt for the benefit to apply. Incidental air travel fees charged by both the Basi
c and Additional Card Members on the eligible Card Account are eligible for stat
ement credits. However, each Card Account is eligible for up to a total of $200 
per calendar year in statement credits across all Cards on the Account. Incident
al air travel fees must be separate charges from airline ticket charges. Fees no
t charged by the Card Member's airline of choice (e.g. wireless internet and fee
s incurred with airline alliance partners) do not qualify for statement credits.
 Incidental air travel fees charged prior to selection of a qualifying airline a
re not eligible for statement credits. Airline tickets, upgrades, mileage points
 purchases, mileage points transfer fees, gift cards, duty free purchases, and a
ward tickets are not deemed to be incidental fees. The airline must submit the c
harge under the appropriate merchant code, industry code, or required service or
 product identifier for the charge to be recognized as an incidental air travel 
fee. Please allow 2-4 weeks after the qualifying incidental air travel fee is ch
arged to your Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. 
We rely on airlines to submit the correct information on airline transactions, s
o please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not p
osted after 4 weeks from the date of purchase. Card Members remain responsible f
or timely payment of all charges. To be eligible for this benefit, Card Account(
s) must be not canceled and not past due at the time of statement credit fulfill
ment. If a charge for any incidental air travel fee is included in a Pay Over Ti
me feature balance on your Card Account (for example, Sign &amp; Travel), the st
atement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over T
ime feature balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In
 Full balance. For additional information about this benefit, call the number on
 the back of your Card.35% Airline Bonus DisclosureTo use Pay with Points, you m
ust charge your eligible airfare purchase through American Express Travel to a M
embership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Card. Points will be debit
ed from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corresponding dollar amo
unt will be issued to the American Express Card account used. If points redeemed
 do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price will remain on the Am
erican Express Card account. Points must be used at the time of booking. Pay wit
h Points requires a minimum redemption of 5,000 points. Business Platinum Card M
embers will receive 3.5 extra points for every 10 points they redeem for either 
a First or Business class flight on any airline, or for flights with their selec
ted qualifying airline using Membership Rewards Pay with Points through American
 Express Travel (35% Airline Bonus), up to 500,000 bonus points per calendar yea
r, per each Membership Rewards account. For First or Business class flights on a
 Card Member's selected qualifying airline, the Card Member will still receive o
nly 3.5 extra points for every 10 points redeemed. Card Member must select a qua
lifying airline at www.americanexpress.com/airlinechoice. Only the Basic Card Me
mber or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Card Account can select the qualify
ing airline. The airline you select for the 35% Airline Bonus and the $200 Airli
ne Fee Credit must be the same. Card Members who have not chosen a qualifying ai
rline will be able to do so at any time. Card Members who have already selected 
a qualifying airline will be able to change their choice one time each year in J
anuary at www.americanexpress.com/airlinechoice or by calling the number on the 
back of your Card. Card Members who do not change their airline selection will r
emain with their current airline. If you select Spirit Airlines, Southwest Airli
nes, or AirTran Airways, to receive your 35% Airline Bonus you must call Busines
s Platinum Travel Service at 1-800-553-9497. A flight booked as part of a travel
 package or booked with the American Express U.S. Representative Travel Network 
is not eligible for the 35% Airline Bonus. In addition, to be eligible to receiv
e extra points, Card account(s) must not be cancelled or past due at the time of
 extra points fulfillment. If booking is canceled, the extra points will be dedu
cted from your Membership Rewards account. Extra points will be credited to your
 Membership Rewards account approximately 6-10 weeks after eligible airfare purc
hases appear on your billing statement. See membershiprewards.com/terms for Memb
ership Rewards program terms and conditions. This 35% Airline Bonus is the maxim
um Membership Rewards points you can get back for Pay with Points on flights boo
ked through American Express Travel. Bonus ID: A6ZB.5X Membership Rewards Points
 on flights and prepaid hotels booked at Amextravel.comYou will get one point fo
r each dollar charged for an eligible purchase on your Business Platinum Card® f
rom American Express. You will get 4 additional points (for a total of 5 points)
 for each dollar spent on eligible travel purchases made on amextravel.com. Elig
ible travel purchases include the following purchases made on amextravel.com: sc
heduled flights, prepaid hotel purchases (including hotels and flight+hotel pack
ages), minus returns and other credits. Eligible travel purchases do NOT include
 non-prepaid hotel bookings, car rentals and cruise, hotel group reservations or
 events, ticketing service, cancellation or other fees, interest charges, purcha
ses of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases o
f other cash equivalents. To be eligible for the 5x Membership Rewards® points, 
you must both reserve and charge the travel purchase with the same eligible Busi
ness Platinum Card®. To modify a reservation you must cancel and rebook your res
ervation. You can cancel and rebook your reservation on amextravel.com or by cal
ling a representative of amextravel.com at 1-800-297-2977. Cancellations are sub
ject to hotel cancellation penalty policies. If hotel reservations are made or m
odified directly with the hotel provider, the reservation will not be eligible f
or this 5X Membership Rewards® point benefit. Extra points for air, prepaid hote
l, and travel packages will be credited to the Membership Rewards account 10-12 
weeks after final payment is made. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on oth
er purchase categories or in connection with promotions or offers from American 
Express may not be combined with this benefit. Merchants are assigned codes base
d on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not qualify for additional points
 if the merchant's code is not eligible. The benefits associated with the Additi
onal Card(s) you choose may be different than the benefits associated with your 
basic Card. See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program t
erms and conditions or to learn the benefits associated with the Additional Card
(s) you choose, please call the number on the back of your Card. American Expres
s Travel Related Services Company, Inc., when acting solely as a sales agent for
 travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions or such suppl
iers.Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.
S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.Airspace LoungeThis benefit is ava
ilable to Business Platinum Card Members. Card Member must present his or her va
lid Card and government-issued I.D. Ticket not required for Airspace Lounges. In
 some cases, Card Member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or gu
ardian. The Card Member's spouse and children under the age of 21 or up to two c
ompanions may enter the club as complimentary guests. Card Member must adhere to
 all house rules of participating lounges. Card Members and his or her guests wi
ll receive all of the complimentary benefits and amenities afforded to the Airsp
ace Lounge customers, as well as access to purchase non-complimentary items. Som
e product features may be subject to additional charges. Airspace Lounge locatio
ns are subject to change.American Express Global Lounge CollectionThese Terms an
d Conditions govern Platinum Card Members' participation in and use of the Prior
ity Pass™ Select program. Priority Pass is an independent airport lounge access 
program. At any visit to a Priority Pass Select lounge that admits guests, you m
ay bring in two guests for no charge. You will be charged $27 for any additional
 guests. Some lounges do not admit guests. By enrolling in Priority Pass Select,
 you agree that you will be responsible for any additional accompanying guest vi
sits and that your Card will be automatically charged after you have signed for 
the additional guest visit and it has been reported to Priority Pass by the part
icipating lounge. Additionally, you acknowledge and agree that American Express 
will verify your Card account number and provide updated Card account informatio
n to Priority Pass. Priority Pass will use this information to fulfill on the Pr
iority Pass Select program and may use this information for marketing related to
 the program. Once enrolled, Platinum Card Members whose Card account is not can
celled may access participating Priority Pass Select lounges by presenting your 
Priority Pass Select card and airline boarding pass. In some lounges, Priority P
ass Select member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian.
 Priority Pass Select members must adhere to all house rules of participating lo
unges. Amenities may vary among airport lounge locations. Conference rooms, wher
e available, may be reserved for a nominal fee. Priority Pass Select lounge part
ners and locations are subject to change. All Priority Pass Select members must 
adhere to the Priority Pass Conditions of Use, which will be sent to you with yo
ur membership package, and can be viewed at www.prioritypass.com. Upon receipt o
f your enrollment information, Priority Pass will send your Priority Pass Select
 card and membership package which you should receive within 10-14 business days
. If you have not received the Priority Pass card after 14 days, please contact 
American Express using the number on the back of your American Express® Card. Pl
ease note, Additional Gold Card Members are not eligible for membership.American
 Express International LoungesBusiness Platinum Card Members have unlimited comp
limentary access to American Express Lounge locations. Guest access policies var
y by location and are subject to change. Fees may apply for additional guests. T
o access American Express Lounges, the Business Platinum Card Member must presen
t the agent with the following upon each visit: his or her valid Card and upon r
equest, same-day airline ticket on any carrier and a government-issued I.D. Fail
ure to present this documentation may result in access being denied. Business Pl
atinum Card Members will not be compensated for changes in locations, rates or p
olicies. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from a lounge 
for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to lounge rules, including, but 
not limited to, conduct that is disruptive, abusive or violent. Access is subjec
t to space availability. Amenities, services and hours of operation may vary amo
ng locations and are subject to change. In some Lounges the Business Platinum Ca
rd Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian
. Age restrictions for the service of alcohol also vary between Lounges. America
n Express will not be liable for any articles lost or stolen or damages suffered
 by the purchaser or visitor inside American Express Lounges. Use of American Ex
press Lounges is subject to the local rules and conditions set by American Expre
ss and the Lounge operator. American Express and the Lounge operator reserve the
 right to revise the rules at any time without notice. For details of individual
 American Express lounge access requirements please visit www.americanexpress.co
m/findalounge.American Express Preferred SeatingEligible Cards  Preferred Seatin
g is available to American Express® Gold Card, Platinum Card®, Centurion® Card, 
Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card, Delta Reserve Credit Card from American Ex
press, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve for Business
 Credit Card from American Express, American Express® Corporate Gold Card, Corpo
rate Platinum Card®, Corporate Centurion Card® from American Express, and the Ex
ecutive Business Card, Business Gold Card, Business Platinum Card® and Business 
Centurion® Card from American Express OPEN, if issued by American Express Travel
 Related Services Company, Inc., an American Express bank.  Tickets available th
rough the American Express Preferred Seating program are available exclusively f
or qualifying Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets must be purchased with
 an eligible American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Tickets are 
subject to availability and apply to select events. Availability will vary by pe
rformance based on prior sales. Not all seats are available and blackout dates a
pply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked
 at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be 
accessible to Card Members with disabilities.  Redemption Information To redeem 
an American Express Preferred Seating offer, Domestic Card Members, please proce
ed to purchase your ticket through any primary ticketing channel including onlin
e, mobile, phone or at an outlet or box office authorized for the event and prov
ide the 10-digit Customer Service phone number located on the back of your Card 
when prompted. International Card Members, please enter your promotional code. I
f you are a Domestic Card Member, for more information on Preferred Seating, ple
ase call 1-800-448-TIKS or visit americanexpress.com/entertainment. If you are a
n International Card Member, please call the customer service number located on 
the back of your Card. International inquiries will not be serviced on the U.S. 
800 number listed above.American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales pe
riod, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (i
ncluding Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an Ame
rican Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service
 charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available an
d blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be 
changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some 
events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.By Invitation Onl
y®Transportation and accommodation costs are additional unless otherwise stated.
 The price indicated covers event costs only. All sales are final and non-refund
able, and resale is prohibited. Payment must be made using an eligible American 
Express® Card. Details and prices are subject to change. Packages are available 
on a first-come, first-served basis. Availability is limited. Must be 21 years o
f age or older to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly.Car Rent
al PrivilegesBenefits given to Platinum Card Members are subject to each car ren
tal company's terms and conditions, including age restrictions, and require enro
llment to receive benefits. Platinum Card Members must be affiliated with the Pl
atinum Program codes. Hertz Gold Plus Rewards® is a registered trademark of Hert
z System, Inc. Minimum rental age is 25 (exceptions apply). For Hertz Gold Plus 
Rewards, upgrades are subject to fleet availability at time of rental. Standard 
rental terms and conditions apply. Payment must be made using the Platinum Card 
from American Express. Platinum Card Members are required to enroll in Avis Pref
erred Club, Hertz Gold Plus Rewards and National Emerald Club Executive membersh
ips to become a member. National collects Frequent Flyer Tax Recoupment Surcharg
e to cover the federal tax on the cost of the miles awarded at the time of renta
l. Discount applies to base rate only. Taxes (including GST), other governmental
ly authorized or imposed surcharges, license recoupment/air tax recovery and con
cession recoupment fees, airport and airport facility fees, fuel, additional dri
ver fee, one-way rental charge, and optional items are extra. Renter must meet s
tandard age, driver, and credit requirements. Advance reservation required. May 
not be combined with other discounts. Availability is limited. Subject to change
 without notice. Blackout dates may apply. National's Emerald Club and its servi
ces require a signed Master Rental Agreement to be on file. Please note that the
 Car Rental Privileges program available to Platinum Card Members is a separate 
program from the Premium Car Rental Protection insurance product offered by Amer
ican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and underwritten by AMEX Assu
rance Company.Car Rental Privileges: National Emerald ClubThe Emerald Club and i
ts services require a signed Master Rental Agreement on file. National, National
 Car Rental, the “flag” and Emerald Club are trademarks of Vanguard Car Rental U
SA LLC. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. © 2018
 National Car Rental.ConciergeThere is no cost to you for services a concierge p
erforms on your behalf, although you are responsible for any purchases, fees and
/or shipping charges you authorize to be charged to your Card account. We reserv
e the right to note profile and preference data for servicing and marketing purp
oses. We are not responsible for notifying a restaurant of any food allergies wh
en suggesting or making reservations at restaurants.Connect to QuickBooksConnect
 to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online and is available for use with Busine
ss Cards from American Express OPEN. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit
 Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo 
are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Cruise Privileges ProgramValid for new b
ookings of voyages of at least five nights made with a participating supplier th
rough Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Service, any American Express Tr
avel office, eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies, or the Agency Services
 Desk. May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates, c
ategory and fare restrictions may apply. Payment must be made with an American E
xpress Card in U.S. Platinum Card Member or U.S. Centurion® Member's name. Avail
able for U.S. Platinum Charge Card Members and U.S. Centurion® Members only, and
 excludes Platinum Credit Card Members such as Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Card Mem
bers who are not also U.S Platinum Charge Card Members or U.S. Centurion® Member
s. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Benefits listed require double o
ccupancy and are non-transferable. Program benefits may not be available to resi
dents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Members receive $100 USD shi
pboard credit for inside and outside staterooms; $200 USD shipboard credit for b
alcony, verandah, and mini-suite staterooms; and $300 USD shipboard credit for s
uites on Celebrity Cruises, Norwegian Cruise Line, Holland America Line, Princes
s Cruises, and Royal Caribbean International. Card Members receive $300 USD ship
board credit for all Queen Mary oceanview staterooms category EF or higher, and 
Queen Victoria/ Queen Elizabeth oceanview staterooms category FA or higher on Cu
nard Line. Card Members receive $300 USD shipboard credit for all stateroom cate
gories on Ama Waterways, Oceania, Regent, Azamara, Seabourn, Crystal, Silversea,
 Uniworld, and Windstar. Centurion Members receive an additional $200 ($500 tota
l) USD shipboard credit on Crystal Cruises, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, Seabourn,
 and Silversea. All shipboard credits will be credited to the guest's stateroom 
folio upon checkout. Shipboard credit amounts in international jurisdictions may
 vary due to foreign exchange rates and timing of application. Shipboard credits
 are subject to cruise line policies. Credits cannot be used for casino charges 
and gratuities. Unused portion of credit is non-refundable and is not redeemable
 for cash. Other restrictions may apply, see onboard cashier for details. Additi
onal amenity not available on the Silversea Expedition Fleet: Silver Explorer, S
ilver Galapagos, and Silver Discoverer. The Cruise Privileges Program benefits (
shipboard credits and additional amenities) are not available on Celebrity Cruis
es Galapagos Sailings. Limit one benefit package per stateroom; three-stateroom 
limit per Card Member, per sailing. To obtain benefits, travel agents must visit
 americanexpress.com/asdonline. Participating providers and benefits subject to 
change. Get one (1) extra point on each dollar charged for eligible cruise booki
ngs with American Express Travel or eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies;
 separate airfare and other charges associated with booking are not eligible. Pa
yment must be made with a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled Consumer or OPEN 
American Express Card in the U.S. Platinum Card or U.S. Centurion Member's name.
 The extra points will be credited to Card Member's Membership Rewards account 8
-12 weeks after full payment. Bonus ID: 3847Delta Private Jets 20% Discount on C
ommercial FlightsFor air transportation provided by Delta, a Card Member who pur
chases a Delta Private Jet Card is entitled to a 20% discount off published fare
s for select fare classes in effect when booked.Delta Sky ClubThe Business Plati
num Card Member must present his or her valid American Express Card, government-
issued I.D., and same-day corresponding airline ticket to club ambassador. Acces
s to Delta Sky Club partner lounges is not permitted. Individuals must be at lea
st 18 years of age to access Delta Sky Club, and 21 years of age to access locat
ions with a self-service bar, unless accompanied by a responsible, supervising a
dult who has access to the lounge. Card Members must adhere to all House Rules o
f participating clubs. Participating airport clubs and locations subject to chan
ge without notice. Additional guest access and fees subject to terms and conditi
ons of participating airport clubs. For the most current Delta Sky Club access a
nd pricing policy, please visit Delta.com/skyclub. All Delta Sky Club rules appl
y to Delta Sky Club membership and use. To review the rules, please visit Delta.
com/skyclub.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's
 favor.Employee Card Spending LimitsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be set up 
online or by calling the number on the back of your Card. The Spending Limit is 
not a guarantee that the Employee Card Member will be able to make purchases up 
to that limit. There are certain purchases where the limit does not apply, such 
as, for example, restaurant tips and hotel stays extended beyond their original 
reservation period, and the overall Account capacity is taken into consideration
. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a li
mit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limi
t is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that
 exceed a limit. For more information on the application of the limit, please re
fer to the Employee Card Spending Limits Terms and Conditions at www.americanexp
ress.com/spendlimits/terms, which will also be provided when you enroll Employee
 Card(s) in this feature.Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. Duri
ng the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American
 Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must
 be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International
 Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not a
ll seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No
 exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion o
f American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disab
ilities.Escape LoungesThis benefit is available to Business Platinum Card Member
s. Card Members receive complimentary access to any US location of the Escape Lo
unges. Card Member must present his or her valid Card, a boarding pass showing a
 confirmed reservation for same-day travel on any carrier and government-issued 
I.D. In some cases, Card Member must be 21 years of age to enter without a paren
t or guardian. Card Members may bring up to two (2) companions into Escape Loung
es as complimentary guests. Card Member must adhere to all house rules of partic
ipating lounges. Card Members and his or her guests will receive all of the comp
limentary benefits and amenities afforded to the Escape Lounge customers, as wel
l as access to purchase non-complimentary items. Some product features may be su
bject to additional charges. Escape Lounge locations are subject to change.Extra
 Membership Rewards® points at amextravel.com2x Points Membership Rewards-enroll
ed Card Members get at least 1 Membership Rewards® point for every eligible doll
ar spent on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card. Th
ose same Card Members will also get at least 1 additional point for each dollar 
of eligible travel purchases made on amextravel.com on their Membership Rewards 
program-enrolled American Express Card. Eligible travel purchases include all tr
avel purchases made with your Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Expre
ss® Card on amextravel.com, including air, prepaid hotels, vacation packages (fl
ight + hotel packages) or cruise reservations, minus returns and other credits. 
Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members are only eligible for 1 additional p
oint on cruise reservations. Eligible travel purchases do NOT include car reserv
ations, non-prepaid hotels, ticketing service or other fees, or interest charges
. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase categories or in conn
ection with promotions or offers from American Express may not be combined with 
this offer, such as 5X bonuses for Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members. 
Any portion of a charge that you elect to cover through redemption of Membership
 Rewards points is not eligible to receive points. If you have an Amex EveryDay 
Card product, additional points awarded under this offer will not be included in
 the extra points benefit. Additional points will be credited to the Membership 
Rewards account 10-12 weeks after final payment is made.Fee Credit for Global En
try or TSA Pre✓®The benefit is available to (i) Corporate Gold Card Members, (ii
) Consumer Platinum Card® Members, Corporate Platinum Card® Members and Business
 Platinum Card® Members, and (iii) Centurion® Card Members. The benefit is also 
available to Additional Platinum and Centurion Card Members on eligible Consumer
 and Business Card accounts. To receive the statement credit, Additional Platinu
m and Centurion Card Members must charge the application fee to the eligible Add
itional Card account. Card Members are eligible to receive statement credit ever
y 4 years for the application fee for either Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® when char
ged to an eligible Card. Card Members will receive a statement credit for the fi
rst program (either Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® ) to which they apply and pay for 
with their eligible Card regardless of whether they are approved for Global Entr
y or TSA Pre✓®. However, Card Members can receive no more than one $85 credit or
 $100 credit, depending on which program the Card Member first applies for, ever
y 4 years for an application fee charged to an eligible Card. American Express h
as no control over the application and/or approval process for Global Entry or T
SA Pre✓®, and does not have access to any information provided to the government
 by the Card Member or by the government to the Card Member. American Express ha
s no liability regarding the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® Programs. U.S. Customs an
d Border Protection (CBP) (for Global Entry) and U.S. Transportation Security Ad
ministration (TSA) (for TSA Pre✓®) charge an application fee to process each res
pective application regardless of whether the Card Member's application is appro
ved. American Express will provide a statement credit for the application fee re
gardless of the decision made by CBP (for Global Entry) or TSA (for TSA Pre✓®) b
ut will not provide a statement credit for subsequent application fees charged t
o the same eligible Card within 4 years, even if the original application is rej
ected. Membership for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® is per person, and a separate ap
plication must be completed for each individual. For additional information on t
he Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® programs, including information regarding the appli
cation and/or approval process and for a list of participating airlines and airp
orts, as well as the full terms and conditions of the programs, please go to www
.globalentry.gov for Global Entry and www.tsa.gov for TSA Pre✓®. The Global Entr
y or TSA Pre✓® programs are subject to change, and American Express has no contr
ol over those changes. The statement credit benefit applies to the Global Entry 
or TSA Pre✓® programs only. Other program applications including, but not limite
d to, NEXUS, SENTRI, and Privium are not eligible for the statement credit benef
it. Please allow up to 8 weeks after the qualifying Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® tr
ansaction is charged to the eligible Card account for the statement credit to be
 posted to the Card account. American Express relies on accurate transaction dat
a to identify eligible Global Entry and TSA Pre✓® purchases. If you do not see a
 credit for a qualifying purchase on your eligible Card after 8 weeks, simply ca
ll the number on the back of your Card.Card Members are responsible for payment 
of all application charges until the statement credit posts to the Card account.
 To be eligible for this benefit, Card account(s) must be active through the tim
e of statement credit fulfillment. Global Entry Fee Credit Option: Global Entry 
is a CBP program that allows expedited clearance for pre-approved, low-risk inte
rnational travelers upon arrival in the United States. Global Entry membership a
lso includes access to the TSA Pre✓® program with no additional application or f
ee required. If a Card Member applies separately for TSA Pre✓® with the same eli
gible Card, the TSA Pre✓® application fee is not eligible for a statement credit
. To receive the $100 Global Entry statement credit, Card Members must pay for t
he $100 Global Entry application fee with an eligible Card. Additional Cards on 
eligible Consumer and Business accounts are also eligible for the $100 statement
 credit. To receive the statement credit, the Global Entry application fee must 
be charged on the eligible Additional Card. Global Entry members can opt-in to T
SA Pre✓® by entering their Global Entry membership number (PASS ID) in the "Know
n Traveler Number" field each time a flight reservation is made on a participati
ng airline. Alternatively, Card Members can add their Global Entry PASS ID to th
eir frequent flyer profile(s) with the participating airline(s) and then ensure 
that their frequent flyer number is entered for each flight booking. If approved
, membership into the Global Entry program is valid for 5 years and subject to t
he program's terms and conditions. You must re-apply for the Global Entry progra
m every five years for continuous benefits. TSA Pre✓® Fee Credit Option: TSA Pre
✓® is an intelligence-driven risk based program managed by TSA that allows low-r
isk travelers to experience faster, more efficient screening at participating U.
S. airport checkpoints for domestic and international travel. The TSA Pre✓® appl
ication program is a DHS Trusted Traveler program. TSA began accepting TSA Pre✓®
 applications on Wednesday, Dec. 4, 2013. Enrolling in TSA Pre✓® does not guaran
tee selection for expedited screening each time a passenger travels. To receive 
the $85 TSA Pre✓® statement credit, Card Members must pay for the $85 TSA Pre✓® 
application fee with an eligible Card. Additional Cards on eligible Consumer and
 Business Card accounts are also eligible for the $85 statement credit. To recei
ve the statement credit, the TSA Pre✓® application fee must be charged on the el
igible Additional Card. If approved, Membership into the TSA Pre✓® program is va
lid for 5 years and subject to the program's terms and conditions.FINE HOTELS &a
mp; RESORTSValid only for new FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS bookings made through Pl
atinum Travel Service, Business Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Servic
e, americanexpress.com/fhr, any American Express Travel offices or the Agency Se
rvices Desk. Payment must be made in full with an American Express Card in the P
latinum Card Member's or Centurion® Member's name. Available for Platinum Charge
 Card Members and Centurion® Members only, and excludes Platinum Credit Card Mem
bers such as Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Card Members who are not also Platinum Cha
rge Card Members. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked to be eligible for
 benefits described. Noon check-in and room upgrade are based on availability an
d are provided at check-in. Breakfast amenity varies by property, but will be, a
t a minimum, a continental breakfast. Complimentary In-Room Wi-Fi is provided, w
ith the exception of explora Patagonia where In-Room Wi-Fi is not available. In 
this instance, complimentary Wi-Fi will be provided in a common space on propert
y. In the case where a Property includes cost of Wi-Fi in a mandatory resort fee
, the Card Member will receive a daily credit from the Property in the standard 
amount that the Property charges for Wi-Fi. The credit will be issued on the Car
d Members final statement upon check-out. Benefit restrictions vary by FINE HOTE
LS &amp; RESORTS property and cannot be redeemed for cash, and may not be combin
ed with other offers unless indicated. Advance reservations are recommended for 
services such as spa, dining or golf in order to take advantage of the FINE HOTE
LS &amp; RESORTS special amenity during your stay. Benefits and additional FINE 
HOTELS &amp; RESORTS promotions are only applied at checkout and expire at check
out. Limit one benefit package per room, per stay. Three room limit per Card Mem
ber, per stay; back-to-back stays within a 24-hour period at the same property c
onsidered one stay. Participating FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS properties and benef
its are subject to change.FX International Payments - SecureFX International Pay
ments incorporates encryption, both for stored data (such as account information
) and for payments created and transmitted in real-time. The FX International Pa
yments platform is deployed within American Express' state of the art data cente
r that features advanced online and offline security and monitoring against inte
rnet attacks. FX International Payments implements American Express standards re
lating to information integrity, transaction security and information security.F
X International Payments Live Exchange Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may n
ot be available outside of business hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)FXIP-
 Standard DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of American Express T
ravel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service is not a
vailable to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required 
to complete an application which is subject to review and approval by American E
xpress. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 888-
391-9971.Get 1.5X PointsYou get 1.5 Membership Rewards® points per dollar (that'
s an extra one-half point per dollar) for each single eligible purchase transact
ion of $5,000 or more made with your Business Platinum Card.For example, for a s
ingle eligible purchase transaction of $5,000, you will get an extra 2,500 point
s. These extra points are in addition to any points you already get from using t
he Card. You can get a maximum of 1,000,000 extra points associated with this be
nefit per calendar year per account. You will not get the extra points associate
d with this benefit if American Express does not receive information that identi
fies your transaction as eligible for the benefit. For example, a purchase trans
action of $5,000 or more will not qualify if the merchant divides the purchase i
nto transactions of less than $5,000 before providing the information to America
n Express. Airlines, hotels, retailers, aggregators, and online marketplaces are
 a few examples of merchants that may divide purchases into smaller transactions
. Transactions may be divided by date of availability, shipping date, ticket, or
 reservation, among other things. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and
 services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fee
s or interest charges, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of 
prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. You will typically receiv
e the extra Membership Rewards points eight to twelve weeks after the billing pe
riod in which you make the eligible purchase.Global Dining CollectionReservation
s are based on a first-come, first-served basis. In the event of a reservation c
ancellation, the Card Member will be subject to the restaurant's cancellation po
licy, which will be communicated to the Card Member by Concierge at the time of 
booking. Concierge is not responsible for informing the restaurant of your dieta
ry restrictions or for the restaurant being able to accommodate the restrictions
; we do ask that you provide this information directly to the restaurant.Global 
Dining Collection Events and Experiences DisclosureEvent experiences are availab
le on a first-come, first-served basis. Availability is limited.Gogo Preferred P
rogramEach Basic and Additional Business Platinum Card® Member is eligible for 1
0 complimentary single flight segment passes for Gogo inflight internet each cal
endar year. A "flight segment" is defined as one takeoff and landing on the same
 aircraft, with the same flight number, between two cities. To activate the pass
es, go to gogoair.com/amex to validate eligibility and then create or log into y
our Gogo account. To use a pass while in flight, log into your Gogo account and 
select to use the American Express Internet Pass. If you are on a Gogo equipped 
flight segment that is eligible for a Gogo monthly or annual subscription plan o
r an All-Day Pass you have redeemed that is still in effect, your Gogo subscript
ion plan or All-Day Pass will be automatically used and you will not have an opp
ortunity to use an American Express Internet Pass. Any American Express Internet
 Passes remaining in your Gogo account at the end of each calendar year will be 
removed. To be eligible for this benefit, your Card Account must be issued in th
e United States and be active. Amex will revoke unused passes if your Card is ca
nceled or if you transfer your Card Account to a new Card product. Amex will per
iodically provide Gogo with updated information regarding your eligibility for t
his benefit. Use of Gogo services is subject to Gogo’s terms of use, privacy pol
icy and other policies, available at gogoair.com. For the most up-to-date list o
f participating airlines, go to www.gogoair.com/amex-airlines/. Gogo and the Gog
o logo are trademarks of Gogo LLC, registered in the U.S. and other countries.Hi
lton Honors Gold Status EnrollmentAs a Business Platinum Card Member you are eli
gible to enroll in complimentary Hilton Honors Gold status. Offer available only
 to Business Platinum Card Members and is not transferable. Full details of Gold
 status can be found at hiltonhonors.com/memberbenefits and is subject to change
 by Hilton. Gold status benefits are subject to availability at participating ho
tels and resorts within the Hilton Portfolio. Once you request enrollment in the
 Hilton Honors program, American Express will share your enrollment information 
with Hilton. Hilton may use this information in accordance with its privacy poli
cy available at hiltonhonors.com/privacypolicy. If you already have Hilton Honor
s Gold status, you can maintain the benefit in the future because you do not nee
d to meet any stay requirements. You maintain Gold status without meeting otherw
ise required criteria only while an eligible Card Member or until American Expre
ss notifies you that the benefit is terminated. Hilton Honors membership, earnin
g and redemption of Points are subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions. Al
l Hampton by Hilton hotels in the Republic of China are excluded from the Hilton
 Honors program. Visit hiltonhonors.com/terms for more details. ©2018 HiltonInCi
rcle®To get InCircle points, you must enroll your Business Platinum Card into In
Circle. Once you have enrolled into InCircle, you will receive one InCircle poin
t for each dollar of eligible purchases charged on your enrolled Business Platin
um Card at Neiman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman, Last Call, Horchow or Cusp. For ever
y 10,000 points you receive, you'll get a $100 InCircle Point Card, no redeeming
 necessary. Points cannot be received on sales tax, shipping, alterations, gift 
packaging, fur services, repair and cleaning of shoes, handbags, optical, precio
us jewelry, monogramming, salon services, and valet parking. To be eligible to r
eceive Membership Rewards® points, you must be enrolled in the Membership Reward
s® program at the time of purchase and you must charge your purchases to an elig
ible, enrolled American Express Card.For more information or to enroll into InCi
rcle, call the number on the back of your Business Platinum Card.International A
irline ProgramThe discount applies to the base airfare of the ticket/s. All tick
et/s are subject to government imposed taxes/fees and airline-imposed fuel/secur
ity surcharges/mandatory non-refundable fees. All ticket/s purchased through the
 program will have all valid fare rules and restrictions apply. Tickets will onl
y be refundable if the ticket purchased is in a refundable fare class. Non-refun
dable American Express service fee of $39 (per ticket) applies to each ticket pu
rchased through the program and itinerary change; this ticketing fee is waived f
or U.S. Centurion® Members. Airlines reserve right to modify fare rules/program 
participation prior to booking. Tickets are non-transferable or endorsable. To r
eceive discount, the purchase of the qualifying First, Business, or Premium Econ
omy Class ticket/s on a participating airline must be made over the phone throug
h American Express Travel ( Platinum Travel Service, Business Platinum Travel, o
r Centurion Travel Service) and paid in full with an American Express Card in th
e U.S. Platinum Card Member's or U.S. Centurion® Member's name. Available for U.
S. Platinum Charge Card Members and U.S. Centurion® Members only, and excludes P
latinum Credit Card Members such as Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Card Members who ar
e not also U.S. Platinum Charge Card Members or U.S. Centurion® Members. Travel 
must originate in and return to U.S. gateway (may exclude certain overseas terri
tories) and select Canadian gateways. One-way travel permitted on some airlines 
where routing originates in U.S. or select Canadian Gateways. Available service 
classes in First, Business or Premium Economy are subject to airline availabilit
y. Card Member and up to seven additional First, Business or Premium Economy Cla
ss passengers must travel on same air itinerary. Not combinable with any other p
romotion and may not be available on all participating airline's code-share part
ners, i.e., flights marketed by the ticketing airline but operated by its code-s
hare partner. Participating airlines and benefits are subject to change. Limited
 time airline flash sales and private sale fare offers are excluded. American Ex
press Travel Related Services Company, Inc., when acting solely as a sales agent
 for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such s
uppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and 
other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide
 incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.amer
icanexpress.com/travelterms. California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694,
 Iowa TA#669.Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid hotel 
rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the s
ame dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, befo
re taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitted
 prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guaranteed" p
olicy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes 
(1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, 
but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, governme
nt/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked throu
gh or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, roo
ms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque
 websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservat
ion is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or 
bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or enterta
inment, and (4) rates booked through the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS program. Deta
ilsMembership Rewards® Pay With PointsTo use Pay with Points, you must charge yo
ur eligible purchase through American Express Travel or through a Pay with Point
s authorized travel agency to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Ex
press® Card. Eligible purchases through American Express Travel or through a Pay
 with Points authorized Travel agency exclude car reservations and non-prepaid h
otels. Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit f
or corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card accou
nt used. If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase 
price will remain on the American Express Card account. Minimum redemption 5,000
 points. See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program term
s and conditions. If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time feat
ure balance on your Linked Account (for example, the Extended Payment Option), t
he statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay O
ver Time feature balance. Instead the statement credit may be applied to your Pa
y in Full balance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by callin
g the number on the back of your Card.Membership Rewards® ProgramTerms and Condi
tions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/ter
ms for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subjec
t to change without notice. The value of Membership Rewards points varies accord
ing to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.co
m/pointsinfo.Membership Rewards® Program - Transfer PointsEnrollment in a partic
ipating Frequent Flyer or Frequent Guest program is required. Airline tickets an
d guest rooms are subject to availability. For each conversion of points into th
e Frequent Flyer program of a U.S. airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a m
aximum fee of $99, will be charged to your Card account. We charge this fee to o
ffset the federal excise tax we must pay on such conversions. The fee may be mor
e or less than the actual amount of the excise tax we pay on any individual conv
ersion. We may offer you the option to redeem points to cover this fee.No Foreig
n Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee o
n the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, t
here may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transa
ctions.No Interest ChargesIf you become eligible, you may be given the option to
 extend payment over time on certain charges using our Pay Over Time feature(s).
 If you use these features, you may accrue interest on any charges you choose to
 pay over time.No Preset Spending LimitNo preset spending limit does not mean un
limited spending. Purchasing power adjusts with your use of the Card, your payme
nt history, credit record and financial resources known to us, and other factors
.Pay Over Time FeatureIf eligible, you may be given the option to enroll in a Pa
y Over Time feature that allows you to pay certain purchases over time. If you c
hoose to enroll in this feature, you will accrue interest on eligible purchases 
when you choose to carry a balance. Premium Global Assist® HotlineWhile Premium 
Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no ad
ditional charge from American Express, Card Members may be responsible for the c
osts charged by third-party service providers. Premium Global Assist Hotline may
 provide emergency medical transportation assistance at no cost if approved and 
coordinated by Premium Global Assist Hotline. For full Terms and Conditions call
 1-800-345-AMEX or see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Premium Private Jet ProgramPr
emium Private Jet Program: On-Demand Charters/Membership Program: Valid for new 
bookings made by calling American Express Travel and fulfilled by Delta Private 
Jets, Inc. (see "Delta Private Jets", below). Payment must be made with a U.S. A
merican Express Card issued in the Platinum Card Member or Centurion Member's na
me. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. May not be combined with other 
offers. Benefits listed are non-transferable and are not redeemable for cash. Pa
rticipating provider and benefits subject to change. Delta Private Jets: Flights
 are operated by Delta Private Jets, Inc., an FAA-certificated Part 135 air carr
ier, or by another FAA-certificated Part 135 or Part 121 air carrier in Delta Pr
ivate Jets' network of affiliated operators. All charter flights are subject to 
Delta Private Jets' charter terms and conditions, which must be executed at the 
time of booking. All Delta Private Jets Jet Card purchases are subject to the Je
t Card Agreement, which must be executed at the time of funding. The 20% discoun
t on Delta scheduled flights (applicable to published fares excluding taxes and 
fees) is limited to select fare classes on Delta-marketed and operated flights a
nd requires booking through a Delta Private Jets Jet Card account representative
; full terms are provided in the Jet Card Agreement. American Express Travel Rel
ated Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries and affiliate (such ent
ities together referred to as "Amex") do not possess DOT or FAA authority to eng
age in air transportation. American Express is not responsible for the acts or o
missions of its service providers, and by participating you waive any implied wa
rranties and disclaim reliance on any representations made by American Express r
egarding service provider's qualifications, certifications, or fitness to conduc
t flights.Premium Roadside AssistancePremium Roadside Assistance provides the fo
llowing services at no additional cost up to 4 times per calendar year when Card
 Member is present with the eligible vehicle: towing up to 10 miles, winching, j
ump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout serv
ice when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Card Member 
will be charged for the costs of towing in excess of 10 miles and any other addi
tional services. Coverage is available in the 50 United States, the District of 
Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. This product does not
 cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed ve
hicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other importan
t exclusions apply. In case of inclement weather, we may be unable to provide yo
u with services. Services may not be available or may be at the cost of the Card
 Member on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout 
service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additi
onal important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, 
call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.Return ProtectionReturn Pro
tection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible 
American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300
 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar yea
r based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase wi
ll not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase cond
ition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were origin
ally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized ve
hicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclus
ions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the Distr
ict of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated
 States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Island
s. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will r
eimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional 
important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see a
mericanexpress.com/RPterms.Rewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, condition
s and restrictions vary by individual Card products.Seller of TravelAmerican Exp
ress Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent f
or travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such sup
pliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and ot
her incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide i
ncentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americ
anexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Io
wa TA#669.SkyMiles ProgramAll SkyMiles® program rules apply to SkyMiles program 
membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption and travel benefits. To
 review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Taxes and fees for Award 
Travel are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the 
ticket is booked. Award Travel seats are limited and may not be available on all
 flights or in all markets. Partners airline benefits subject to change and subj
ect to the terms and conditions of each partner. All Delta Sky Club rules apply 
to Delta Sky Club use. To review the rules visit Delta.com/skyclub. Offer, rules
 and benefits subject to change.Spend ManagerSpend ManagerSM is a feature of Ame
rican Express Business and Corporate Cards. American Express is not responsible 
for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed. Receipts will be stored 
until the earliest of the following: (1) seven years from the end of the year th
at the receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that your online account is closed. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, American Express may delete or purge receipts for
 any reason in its sole discretion, with or without notice.Spend Manager and Con
nect to QuickBooksSpend ManagerSM and Connect to QuickBooks® are two separate bu
siness tools available with Business Cards from American Express OPEN that were 
created to work together. American Express is not responsible for the completene
ss or accuracy of receipts displayed in your QuickBooks. You must enroll in Conn
ect to QuickBooks from your American Express online account. Connect to QuickBoo
ks works with QuickBooks Online. For details about Spend ManagerSM, go to www.op
en.com/spendmanager. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights
 reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered t
rademarks of Intuit Inc.Spend Manager Mobile AppThe Spend ManagerSM Mobile App i
s only available with American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Not all fun
ctionality is available with Corporate Cards. The Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is 
only available on the App Store(R) and Google Play™. Apple, the Apple logo and i
Phone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
 App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google 
Inc.Starwood Preferred Guest GoldAs a Platinum Card® Member or Business Platinum
 Card® Member you are eligible to enroll in complimentary Starwood Preferred Gue
st® (SPG ®) Gold Preferred Guest status. Once you request enrollment within the 
Starwood Preferred Guest Program at Gold level, American Express will share your
 enrollment information with Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide, Inc. (“Sta
rwood”). Starwood may use this information in accordance with its privacy statem
ent available at spg.com/privacy. You will maintain Gold Preferred Guest status 
without meeting otherwise required SPG Program criteria as long as you remain an
 eligible American Express Card Member or until American Express notifies you th
at the benefit is terminated. SPG member benefits are subject to change, availab
ility and certain eligibility requirements. Reservations booked through third pa
rties and online booking sources are not eligible. For complete SPG Program term
s visit www.spg.com/terms. SPG program amenities may be combined with the FINE H
OTELS &amp; RESORTS program. Upgrades are based upon availability and will vary 
by property.The Boingo American Express Preferred PlanComplimentary access to Bo
ingo Wi–Fi is being provided as a benefit to Card Members with eligible Cards. I
n order to access the benefit, Card Members with eligible Cards must first be au
thenticated and create a Boingo American Express Preferred Plan (or, the “AXP Pl
an”) account. Internet access may be required in order to be authenticated and c
reate an account. For questions on eligibility, call the number on the back of y
our Card. If you submit your American Express Card number to Boingo to verify th
at your Card is eligible for this benefit, Boingo will send your Card number to 
American Express. Upon receipt of your Card number from Boingo, American Express
 will provide confirmation of your Card‘s eligibility for the American Express P
referred Plan to Boingo. Boingo will not store or use your Card number for any o
ther purpose. Boingo‘s use of this information is subject to its privacy policy.
If you have an existing paid Boingo subscription plan, your existing plan will n
ot be automatically cancelled when you enroll in the AXP Plan. If you would like
 to cancel any existing paid subscription plan, call Boingo‘s dedicated AXP Plan
 line. The AXP Plan only provides access to land–based Wi–Fi services and does n
ot include in–flight Wi–Fi. Available hotspots in Boingo‘s network, including th
ose managed and operated by Boingo and its partners (“Boingo‘s Network”) are sub
ject to change at any time. Visit http://wifi.boingo.com to locate hotspots. You
r use of Boingo‘s Wi–Fi services is subject to Boingo‘s End User License Agreeme
nt and Customer Agreement and other applicable terms and conditions, including B
oingo‘s privacy and security policies, available at www.boingo.com. Notwithstand
ing anything to the contrary set forth in Boingo‘s terms and conditions, America
n Express Card Members with eligible Cards (i) will not be charged for enrollmen
t in the AXP Plan, and (ii) will be permitted to connect no more than four devic
es to Boingo‘s Network per month. Simultaneous use of devices with a single acco
unt is limited to a hotspot. By subscribing for this benefit, you acknowledge th
at American Express is not responsible for and does not guarantee the quality, s
ecurity, coverage or availability of Boingo‘s Network or the free Wi–Fi hotspots
 accessed through the Wi–Finder App. You agree that use of Wi–Fi accessed throug
h Boingo is at your own risk. Use of the AXP Plan is limited to authorized Card 
Members only. This benefit is non–transferable, it is your responsibility to ens
ure that no one else has access to your account details. Your account may be ter
minated for breach of any terms or conditions or for abuse of your AXP Plan acco
unt.From time to time, Boingo may request that you re–authenticate your Boingo A
merican Express Preferred Plan account in order to confirm that you are still a 
Card Member with an eligible Card. You can receive alerts and connect seamlessly
 to Boingo by downloading the Wi–Finder App to your laptop, tablet and mobile de
vices. This benefit is subject to change or cancellation without notice.The Cent
urion LoungePlatinum Card Members have unlimited complimentary access to all loc
ations of The Centurion Lounge. Gold Card and Green Card Additional Cards on you
r Platinum Card account are not eligible for complimentary access. Card Members 
may bring up to two (2) companions into The Centurion Lounge. To access The Cent
urion Lounge, the Card Member must present The Centurion Lounge agent with the f
ollowing upon each visit: his or her valid Card, a boarding pass showing a confi
rmed reservation for same-day travel on any carrier and a government-issued I.D.
 Failure to present this documentation may result in access being denied. Card M
embers will not be compensated for changes in locations, rates or policies. A Ca
rd Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent or legal gu
ardian. For locations with a self-service bar, the Card Member must be of legal 
drinking age in the location's jurisdiction to enter without a parent or legal g
uardian. Must be of legal drinking age to consume alcoholic beverages. Please dr
ink responsibly. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from t
he Lounge for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to rules, including, b
ut not limited to, conduct that is disruptive, abusive or violent. Access is sub
ject to space availability. Hours may vary by location and are subject to change
. Amenities vary among The Centurion Lounge locations and are subject to change.
 Services and amenities in the Lounge are complimentary, however you are respons
ible for any purchases and/or servicing charges you authorize our Member Service
s Professionals to perform on your behalf. Some American Express Cards are not e
ligible for all services provided by Member Services Desk. American Express will
 not be liable for any articles lost or stolen or damages suffered by the purcha
ser or visitor inside The Centurion Lounge. Use of The Centurion Lounge is subje
ct to all rules and conditions set by American Express. American Express reserve
s the right to revise the rules at any time without notice. ©2018 American Expre
ss Travel Related Services Company, Inc. All rights reservedThe Hotel Collection
The Hotel Collection: Valid for new bookings with participating providers of at 
least two consecutive nights made through Platinum Travel Service, Business Plat
inum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Service,amextravel.com or any American Exp
ress Travel location. Available only for the following U.S. American Express Car
d Members: Consumer and Business Gold Card Members, and Business Gold Rewards Ca
rd Members, Consumer and Business Platinum Card ® Members and Consumer and Busin
ess Centurion® Members (“Eligible Card Members”). The term “Eligible Card Member
s” does not include Gold and Platinum Credit Card Members such as Gold Delta Sky
Miles® Card Members. Payment must be made in full with an American Express Card 
in the Eligible Card Member's name. Eligible Card Member must travel on itinerar
y booked. Eligible Card Member will receive hotel credit upon checkout equal to 
$1 for each eligible dollar spent, up to $75, which amount will be credited upon
 check-out based on qualifying charges made by the Eligible Card Member excludin
g charges for taxes, gratuities, fees and cost of room. Additional exclusions ba
sed on specific hotel restrictions may also apply (including without limitation 
purchases within the hotel that are unaffiliated and/or owned by third parties) 
– see applicable hotel front desk for details. Credit cannot be carried over to 
another stay, is not redeemable for cash and expires at check-out. Credit is non
-exchangeable and non-refundable and is applied in USD or equivalent in local cu
rrency based on exchange rate on day of arrival. May not be combined with other 
offers or programs unless indicated. Limit one credit per room, per stay. Room u
pgrade is based on availability and eligibility at check-in. Three-room limit pe
r Eligible Card Member per stay; back-to-back stays within a 24-hour period at t
he same property are considered one stay. Hotel nightly rates vary by property, 
dates, room category and occupancy. Participating providers and benefits are sub
ject to change. For bookings made on amextravel.com, eligible Card Members recei
ve Double Points on each The Hotel Collection booking or can use Pay with Points
.Tier One Program TermsLast Modified: January 2018 Tier One(R) Program The Tier 
One Program (the “Program”) offers additional benefits to certain business custo
mers of American Express that (1) meet the Eligibility Requirements set forth be
low and (2) are selected by American Express to participate in the Program for t
he upcoming program year (April - March, a “Program Year”). Program benefits wil
l be determined by American Express in its sole discretion and may vary from yea
r to year. Eligibility Requirements In order to be considered for the Program, a
 business must: be the business named on one or more U.S.- issued Business Charg
e Cards or Corporate Cards from American Express; have its billing address in th
e United States (including the District of Columbia, American Samoa, Armed Force
s Pacific, Federated States of Micronesia, Guam, Marshall Islands, Northern Mari
ana Islands, Palau, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands);  not have been en
rolled in the American Express CARE Program, or any other hardship program with 
American Express, nor have been subject to a Responsible Lending Action by Ameri
can Express, during the previous calendar year (the preceding January 1 – Decemb
er 31, the “Previous Year”); not have any transitional recovery products from Am
erican Express during the Previous Year; not have any Business Card account that
 has been 30 days or more past due during the Previous Year; not have any Corpor
ate Card program, Business Travel Account or Buyer Initiated Payment program wit
h total 30 day or more past due balances exceeding 10% of total outstanding bala
nce and exceeding $5,000 in total during the Previous Year;  have made eligible 
purchases* totaling $5 million or more in the aggregate in the Previous Year, ac
ross all of its American Express U.S.-issued: Business Charge Card and Business 
Credit Card Accounts (including purchases made by Additional Card Members), Corp
orate Card Accounts, and Business Travel Accounts, and through the American Expr
ess Buyer Initiated Payments platform in the U.S. (the “Spending Requirement”). 
 *Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and othe
r credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance t
ransfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading o
f prepaid cards, Purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, or purchase
s of other cash equivalents. Product features vary. Not all of the foregoing tra
nsactions are available on every product that may be used to meet the Spending R
equirement.  We use the date of purchase to determine whether a purchase was mad
e during the Previous Year. A date of purchase may sometimes be different from t
he date on which you made the transaction. For example, if you buy goods online,
 the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped. Also, if you use your 
Card while traveling (such as on a hotel or car rental), the purchase date may b
e the date you complete that travel. The foregoing are the “Eligibility Requirem
ents”.Selection At the beginning of each calendar year, American Express will (1
) determine which businesses met the Eligibility Requirements in the Previous Ye
ar, and, from that group, (2) identify the businesses that American Express, in 
its sole discretion, considers to be part of its middle market customer segment 
in the U.S. (“Eligible Middle Market Customers”). All Eligible Middle Market Cus
tomers will be included in the Program for the next Program Year, or until their
 participation in the Program is terminated in accordance with these Program Ter
ms.  Termination of Tier One Status A business’s participation in the Program wi
ll automatically terminate upon the termination of its last American Express U.S
. Business Charge Card or Corporate Card account, or at the end of the Program Y
ear if the business is not selected for the Program for the following Program Ye
ar in accordance with these Program Terms. American Express may, in its sole dis
cretion, terminate a business’s participation in the Program by written notice d
uring the Program Year. American Express will have no further liability or oblig
ation under the Program upon termination of a business’s participation in the Pr
ogram. Participation in the Program, will not affect American Express’s maintena
nce of all Card accounts in accordance with its consistently applied risk polici
es and practices, including but not limited to underwriting decisions such as in
creasing or reducing spend capacity or lines of credit, and terminating accounts
.  Interpretation Decisions of American Express with respect to the interpretati
on and application of these Program Terms – including decisions about a business
’s eligibility for the Program – will be made by American Express in its sole di
scretion. If you have questions about your business’s eligibility for the Progra
m, please call the number on the back of your Business Card or contact 1-888-800
-8564. Modification of Tier One Program Terms American Express reserves the righ
t to modify these Program Terms at any time. We will indicate that changes have 
been made by updating the “Last Modified” date above. Your continued participati
on in the Program after the Program Terms have been modified constitutes your ag
reement to the modified Program Terms. MODIFICATION &amp; CANCELLATION OF THE PR
OGRAM American Express reserves the right to modify or cancel the Program at any
 time at its discretion without prior notice or liability to you.Using Points fo
r ChargesUsing Points for Your Charges is only available to Basic Consumer and O
PEN Card Members enrolled in the U.S. Membership Rewards® program. Additional Ca
rd Members, Authorized Additional Card Members, and Corporate Card Members are n
ot eligible. Account managers and Rewards managers may be eligible to use points
 by calling the number on the back of your Card but are not eligible to use poin
ts online. All Linked Card Accounts must be not be canceled, past due or have a 
returned payment outstanding. A minimum of 1,000 Membership Rewards points in yo
ur program Account is required and you may use Membership Rewards points only to
ward the entire amount of an eligible charge. American Express will present the 
eligible charges you can use points towards, and we may change which charges are
 eligible at any time without notice. American Express is under no obligation to
 make charges available for redemption using Membership Rewards points. For each
 transaction, points will be debited immediately from your Membership Rewards pr
ogram Account and a credit will be issued to your Linked Card Account for the co
rresponding dollar amount within 48 hours. Credits processed after the Card Acco
unt‘s statement closing date will appear in the following billing period. You ar
e responsible for payment of the amount due on your Card Account by the due date
 even after using this feature. To learn about this feature and redeem points on
line, visit membershiprewards.com/yourcharges. (Please note that the special mob
ile redemption offer referenced in this email is limited to mobile redemptions a
nd is not valid for online or other redemption channels.)Year–End SummaryThe Onl
ine Year–End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to
 your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSU
RANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on policy terms, go to americ
anexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is under
written by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Poli
cy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents 
of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited
, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to res
idents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Pala
u and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, condit
ions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to c
hange with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To
 be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. p
lane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full f
are cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Addit
ional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Expres
s Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the
 entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or poin
ts from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be cove
red. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benef
its not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a writ
ten report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and
 Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Rental Loss and Damage Insuran
ceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company
, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Poli
cy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is under
written by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CR
CB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Feder
ated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Isl
ands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Pol
icies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This documen
t does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30
 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not
 available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their p
ersonal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off-road vehicle
s, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This p
roduct provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not pai
d by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage
 to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as damages to other vehicl
es or property, or injury to other persons. For full Terms and Conditions, see a
mericanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten
 by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX09
53, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU an
d MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatn
a, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents o
f American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and t
he US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, a
nd exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change w
ith notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Wa
rranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warrantie
s of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the ori
ginal manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one addition
al year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five yea
rs. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain p
urchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of
 natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Oth
er important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged
 on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per o
ccurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. 
You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reim
burse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexp
ress.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX 
Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Polic
y AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the
 Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam u
nder Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of America
n Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Mino
r Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusi
ons of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice
. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling
 costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered,
 e.g. consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and their parts or
 accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You wil
l only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is l
imited up to $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member accou
nt per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in w
hich case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides se
condary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary i
nsurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/P
Pterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AME
X Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Pol
icy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, t
he Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam
 under CRCB000000111. This benefit is not available to residents of American Sam
oa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Out
lying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions o
f the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. Thi
s document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pa
y the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bu
s) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered T
rip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's Amer
ican Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Po
ints or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use
 another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program 
to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read importa
nt exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim pa
yment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains
 the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAI
terms.