Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGE
SAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases16.74% to 20.74%, based on your credi
tworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening. This
 APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers
16.74% to  20.74% APR on balance transfers requested within 60 days of account o
pening based on your creditworthiness and other factors.This APR will vary with 
the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary
 with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When it Applies29.99%Th
is APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied
 to new transactions on your account if:1) you make one or more late payments; o
r2) your payment is returned by your bankWe may also consider your creditworthin
ess in determining whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.How L
ong Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for
 at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR 
is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made tim
ely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.Payin
g InterestYour due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing peri
od. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your enti
re balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) 
by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance tr
ansfers on the transaction date.Plan Fee  (Fixed Finance Charge) Up to 0.93% of 
each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would o
therwise apply to the purchase and other factors.For Credit Card Tips from the C
onsumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmoreFeesAnnual Members
hip Fee$0 for the first year, then $95Transaction Fees Cash AdvanceEither $5 or 
3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign TransactionN
onePenalty Fees Late PaymentUp to $38Returned PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneHow W
e Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (in
cluding new purchases)."Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory A
PR and apply the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due 
within 60 days after its Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exc
eed 29.99%. Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate pu
blished in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. Th
e Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not
, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prim
e Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more in
terest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the r
esulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing
 period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 03/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View 
the full Card Member Agreement.By submitting this application, you are requestin
g us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qu
alified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. This offer is available
 to US Residents.You promise that the information you provide on this applicatio
n is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports
 from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsi
diaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and adm
inistrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we h
ave received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provi
ded it. When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the t
erms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member
 Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity t
o have claims related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and t
o participate in a class action or similar proceeding.  We may change the Card M
ember Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the bus
iness, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 d
ays advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to 
reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Ca
rd Membership. Additional Cards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts wi
th us but they can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agre
ement. You are responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Member
s and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they m
ake. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Acc
ount and to discuss it with them. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all f
inancial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies e
ach person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and
 other information that will allow us to verify your identity. Balance Transfers
: Only balance transfers from accounts in your name requested within 60 days fro
m the date of account opening will be approved. We will charge your Card account
 for the total approved amount of all balance transfers. No transfer will be pro
cessed if: (1) any requested transfer is less than $100; (2) the total amount of
 all requested transfers exceeds the lesser of $7,500 or 75% of your credit limi
t; or (3) charging the requested transfers to your Card account would cause your
 total account balance to exceed your credit limit. We will not initiate any bal
ance transfer until at least ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided
 the Card Member Agreement to you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to
 complete a balance transfer. Please be sure to make all required payments on an
y account from which you are transferring a balance until the balance transfer i
s credited to that account. You authorize us to verify the balance of such accou
nts. You may not transfer balances from any account issued by American Express o
r any of its affiliates. Additional Card Members may not request or authorize ba
lance transfers. Your balance transfer request may be declined if any of your Am
erican Express accounts are not in good standing. Notice to Married Wisconsin Re
sidents: No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, o
r court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a cr
editor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is f
urnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given complete information abo
ut the agreement or decree.  New York Residents: New York residents may contact 
the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its we
bsite for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace per
iods. New York State Department of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.
ny.govNotice to California Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a 
separate account.Cash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identificatio
n Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may 
request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter conf
irming your PIN.Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of t
hose permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to 
month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permit
ted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You 
may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance
, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination re
quire that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy cust
omers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on 
each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compl
iance with this law.The Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card from American Expr
ess is issued by an American Express bank. ©2018 American Express. All rights re
served.POID CH20:0003OFFER TERMSWelcome bonus offer not available to applicants 
who have or have had this product.If we in our sole discretion determine that yo
u have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome bonus 
offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for on
e or more cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer(s) that we did not intend for yo
u; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; 
or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we 
may not credit statement credit to your account. We may also cancel this Card ac
count and other Card accounts you may have with us.Up to $200 in Statement Credi
tsTo qualify for the $100 statement credit, you must make purchases with your St
arwood Preferred Guest Credit Card that total $1,000 or more (the "Threshold Amo
unt") within your first 3 months of Card Membership, starting from the date your
 account is approved.In rare instances, your period to spend $1,000 may be short
er than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may
 fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants 
submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you 
made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date m
ay be the date the goods are shipped).The statement credit will be applied appro
ximately 8-12 weeks after the Threshold Amount is met. Purchases to meet the Thr
eshold Amount do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash a
dvances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards
, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of any cash e
quivalents.To qualify for the additional $100 statement credit (the "First Purch
ase Bonus"), you must use your Card to make a purchase directly with a participa
ting SPG® or Marriott Rewards® hotel, or a Marriott-branded retail establishment
 or SPG- or Marriott-branded online store that, in each case, is wholly owned by
 Marriott International, Inc. and its affiliates within your first 6 months of C
ard Membership, starting from the date your account is approved.In rare instance
s, your period to make your first purchase may be shorter than 6 months if there
 is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 6 mo
nth period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions t
o us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (Fo
r example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods 
are shipped).For more information on participating SPG and Marriott Rewards hote
ls, please visit starwoodhotels.com/preferredguest/legal/spg_terms.html and marr
iott.com/rewards/terms/default.mi. The statement credit will be applied approxim
ately 8-12 weeks after a qualifying purchase is made. Additional Card Members on
 your account are not eligible for these welcome bonus offers, but qualifying pu
rchases to meet the Threshold Amount or to earn the First Purchase Bonus can be 
made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card A
ccount. To receive each statement credit, your Card account must not be past due
 or cancelled at the time the statement credit is posted to your Card account.Am
erican Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.BENEFIT 
TERMSThe following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.A
ccount ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mai
ling Address and Social Security Number.American Express Presale(s)During the sp
ecified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express®
 Card Members(including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purcha
sed with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). S
tandard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats a
re available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges
. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American
 Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Am
ex Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app features are available only for eligib
le Card accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards
 issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.To log in, Card Members
 must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.Ame
x Mobile appiOS and Android only. See app store listings for operating system in
foCash &amp; PointsStart redeeming with as little as $30.00 USD and as few as 1,
500 Starpoints® per night. Offer is valid at Cash &amp; Points participating pro
perties only and at select Category 7 hotels and resorts. Cash &amp; Points is s
ubject to availability. Information on property participation may be found at sp
g.com under Cash &amp; Points redemption option. Blackout dates may apply. The S
tarwood Preferred Guest® No Blackout Dates policy applies only to Free Night Awa
rds in standard room types and is not applicable to this redemption option. Room
s are for single or double occupancy in a standard room; some hotels may offer C
ash &amp; Points in non-standard room types and/or suites at higher cash and Sta
rpoints amounts; these rooms may only be booked through an SPG® Customer Contact
 Center. Charges may apply for additional guests and bedding; smoking preference
s are not confirmed. Guest is responsible for all taxes and service charges affi
liated with this award reservation. Local guarantee and cancellation policies ap
ply. Guest will not receive Starpoints or airline miles for these stays. Cash &a
mp; Points rates are ineligible for Starpoints earnings, even though the member 
does pay money directly to the hotel; however, Starpoints are still earned on el
igible incidentals as usual, and all in-hotel benefits should be honored for mem
bers staying on this rate. Cash &amp; Points Award stays and nights do not quali
fy toward any promotions requiring stays or nights; however, Cash &amp; Points A
ward stays and nights from October 1, 2011, onward do qualify as an eligible sta
y or night(s) toward earning elite levels. Cash components of this award that ar
e confirmed in non-USD will be adjusted, as needed, to reflect the USD equivalen
t of the award before being posted in local currency to the customer's bill at t
ime of checkout.Credit For 5 Nights And 2 StaysFor accounts opened on or after A
ugust 1, 2018This benefit is not available for Card accounts opened on or after 
August 1, 2018.For accounts opened before August 1, 2018Upon opening your Card A
ccount, you will receive from Starwood credit for 2 stays and 5 nights toward yo
ur Starwood Preferred Guest® elite status. To receive this benefit, your Card Ac
count must be linked to an SPG member account in your name. This benefit is limi
ted to one annual credit per Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card Account ("Sta
rwood Consumer Card Account"), and one annual credit per Starwood Preferred Gues
t® Business Credit Card Account ("Starwood Business Card Account"). You will not
 receive additional 2-stay or 5-night elite status credits if you have multiple 
Starwood Consumer Card Accounts or additional Cards, and you will not receive ad
ditional 2-stay or 5-night elite status credits if you have multiple Starwood Bu
siness Card Accounts or supplemental Cards. However, if you have both a Starwood
 Consumer Card Account and a Starwood Business Card Account, you can receive a m
aximum credit of 4 stays and 10 nights. Credits and status are subject to the Te
rms and Conditions of the SPG program. Beginning January 1, 2019, Card Members w
ill no longer receive an annual credit for 5 nights and 2 stays toward Starwood 
Preferred Guest elite status each year with your Card. The 5 nights and 2 stays 
you have earned in 2018 as part of the 5 night 2 stay credit will still be eligi
ble toward elite status.Destination FamilyValid for new bookings made through Am
erican Express Travel and eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies with parti
cipating travel providers: Abercrombie &amp; Kent, Royal Caribbean International
, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider.
 Payment must be made with an American Express Card. Program benefits may not be
 available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member mus
t travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit package per booking. May not be 
combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits a
re subject to change. Benefits listed are non- transferable, subject to availabi
lity, and cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. Available to all U.S. American 
Express Corporate, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.Dispute ResolutionNot all di
sputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.Earn SPG® Gold StatusIf during an
y calendar year, eligible purchases on your Card account are $30,000 or more, yo
u (the Basic Card Member) will be enrolled for at least twelve months in the Gol
d Preferred Guest level of the Starwood Preferred Guest® loyalty program (unless
 you are already enrolled in an equivalent or higher level). Starwood associates
 excluded. Please allow 12-16 weeks after your eligible purchases equal or excee
d such amount for the applicable year for enrollment to become effective. Eligib
le purchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns and other cred
its. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfe
rs (balance transfers are not available on The Starwood Preferred Guest® Busines
s Credit Card), cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloa
ding of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms 
and restrictions apply.Earn SPG® Gold StatusEffective January 1, 2019: The purch
ase requirement to earn Gold Elite status is changing. Beginning in January 2019
, if your total eligible purchases on your Starwood Preferred Guest Credit Card 
from American Express Card account total $35,000 or more in a calendar year, you
 (the Basic Card Member) will be enrolled in Gold Elite status.If in any calenda
r year of Card Membership your total eligible purchases on your Starwood Preferr
ed Guest Credit Card from American Express Card account reach $35,000, you (the 
Basic Card Member) will be enrolled in Gold Elite status. This upgrade to Gold E
lite status benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member; however, eligibl
e purchases made by Additional Card Members will contribute to the purchase requ
irement. Eligible purchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns
 and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, 
balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases of g
ift cards, person-to-person payments, the purchase or reloading of prepaid cards
, and purchases of other cash equivalents.A calendar year is from January 1 to D
ecember 31 regardless of when you open your Card Account. Allow 12–16 weeks from
 the time your total eligible purchases reach $35,000 for your enrollment in Gol
d Elite status to become effective.Your upgrade to Gold Elite status is valid fo
r the remainder of the calendar year in which it was earned and the subsequent c
alendar year. Your enrollment will expire after that subsequent calendar year un
less your eligible purchases during the next calendar year again qualifies you f
or enrollment, or you qualify for Gold Elite status under the loyalty program te
rms.You cannot receive enrollment in Gold Elite status through this reward progr
am if you are already enrolled at Gold Elite status or any higher status.For mor
e information about Gold Elite status and complete Terms and Conditions, visit m
embers.marriott.com.In order to receive Gold Elite status benefits at participat
ing SPG® and Marriott Rewards® hotels, you will need to combine your loyalty mem
ber accounts online prior to arrival at the hotel. Log into spg.com and follow t
he prompts in order to combine your accounts.Earn StarpointsStarpoints® are awar
ded by American Express as part of the Card's reward program. You will receive 2
 Starpoints® from American Express for each US dollar of eligible purchases char
ged on your Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card from American Express when cha
rged directly with participating Starwood properties, standalone Starwood retail
 establishments, and Starwood online stores that, in each case, are wholly owned
 by Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide, LLC (a subsidiary of Marriott Inter
national, Inc.) and its affiliates. You will also receive 2 Starpoints from Amer
ican Express for each US dollar of eligible purchases charged on your Starwood P
referred Guest® Credit Card from American Express when charged directly with hot
els participating in Marriott Rewards®, standalone Marriott branded retail estab
lishments, and Marriott branded online stores (including online purchases of Mar
riott branded gift cards), that in each case, are owned by Marriott Internationa
l, Inc. and its affiliates. You will receive one Starpoint® from American Expres
s for each US dollar of all other eligible purchases charged on your Starwood Pr
eferred Guest® Credit Card from American Express.Effective 8/1/2018SPG® announce
d changes to its loyalty program beginning August 1, 2018. At the time of the pr
ogram change, the Starpoint balance in a loyalty member account will convert to 
points at a 1:3 ratio (one Starpoint will convert to three points). The number o
f points needed to redeem in the loyalty program will also have corresponding ch
anges. Visit members.marriott.com for details.Beginning August 1, 2018 you will 
receive 2 points for each U.S. dollar of eligible purchases charged on your Star
wood Preferred Guest® Credit Card from American Express.You will receive 4 addit
ional points (for a total of 6 points) for each U.S. dollar of eligible purchase
s charged on your Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card from American Express wh
en charged directly with participating Starwood properties, stand-alone Starwood
 retail establishments, and Starwood online stores that, in each case, are wholl
y owned by Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide, LLC (a subsidiary of Marriot
t International, Inc.) and its affiliates. You will also receive 4 additional po
ints (for a total of 6 points) from American Express for each U.S. dollar of eli
gible purchases charged on your Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card from Ameri
can Express when charged directly with hotels participating in Marriott Rewards®
, stand-alone Marriott-branded retail establishments, and Marriott-branded onlin
e stores (including online purchases of Marriott-branded gift cards) that, in ea
ch case, are owned by Marriott International, Inc. and its affiliates.Eligible p
urchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits.
 Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, 
cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, person-to-person payments, the pu
rchase or reloading of prepaid cards, and purchases of other cash equivalents. A
dditional terms and restrictions apply. Points received from your Card will be p
osted to your loyalty member account up to 12 weeks after the end of each month.
 To be eligible to receive points, Card Member's account must not be cancelled o
r in default at the time of bonus fulfillment.Merchants are assigned codes based
 on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not earn additional points if the 
merchant's code is not eligible. Purchases made through a third-party payment ac
count or on an online marketplace (with multiple retailers) will not earn additi
onal points. A purchase may not earn additional points if the merchant submits t
he purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or dig
ital wallet.Eligible PurchasesEligible purchases means purchases for goods and s
ervices minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees 
or interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on T
he Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card), cash advances, purchases of 
travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other
 cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply. Starpoints® received
 from your Card will be posted to your SPG® account up to 12 weeks after the end
 of each month. To be eligible to receive Starpoints, Card Member's account must
 not be cancelled or in default at the time of bonus fulfillment.Merchants are a
ssigned codes based on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not earn additi
onal Starpoints if the merchant's code is not eligible. Purchases made through a
 third-party payment account or on an online marketplace (with multiple retailer
s) will not earn additional Starpoints. A purchase may not earn additional Starp
oints if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reade
r or if you use a mobile or digital wallet.Entertainment Access®Offer valid in s
elect cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusive
ly to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Ca
rds). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid
 and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to a
vailability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales fin
al. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the
 sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card 
Members with disabilities.Free NightsStarpoints® redeemed for a Free Night Award
 include the cost of a standard room and applicable taxes only. Some hotels may 
have mandatory service and resort charges. Please contact hotel or resort for co
mplete details. Starpoints required for a free night range from 2,000 Starpoints
 for a weekend night in a standard room at a Category 1 property to 35,000 Starp
oints for a high season night in a standard room at a Category 7 property. Categ
ory 7 properties that are all suites, villas, or have mandatory board require hi
gher Starpoints redemption. For complete information on reward stays, visit spg.
com.Free Nights - No Blackout DatesNo blackout dates apply to Free Night Awards 
which apply to standard rooms only, as defined by each participating property; c
ontact the property before booking to check availability.Global Assist® HotlineW
hile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at 
no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the
 costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, 
see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Gold /Platinum Status Late CheckoutSubject to av
ailability at resort and conference center hotels.Gold /Platinum Status Points E
arnedA Gold Preferred Guest or Platinum Preferred Guest will earn one bonus Star
point® (in addition to the standard two base Starpoints) for eligible purchases 
at SPG® Participating Hotels for each U.S. dollar or the currency equivalent tha
t is incurred and paid for by the SPG member.Instant Card NumberInstant Card Num
ber eligibility is based on our ability to instantly validate your identity. If 
you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an instant account nu
mber that you can use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a phys
ical card will not be required. You may not have access to your full credit line
 to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after you confirm receipt of your ph
ysical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 business days of account approval.Low
est Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextrav
el.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the s
ame number of children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes and fee
s, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to your s
tay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guaranteed" policy applies on
ly to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or dis
counts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited 
to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and
 senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combina
tion with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through c
ontests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that d
o not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete;
 or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may
 include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, and (4) 
rates booked through the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS program. DetailsNo Foreign Tr
ansaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on th
e purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there
 may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactio
ns.Pay ItPay ItSM is only available in the American Express Mobile app for your 
eligible Account. With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the a
mount of a billed purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not app
lied to that billed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accordance with 
how we apply payments.Your account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Car
d Member or Additional Card Member of a Credit Card account issued by a U.S. ban
king subsidiary of American Express that is not cancelled. Prepaid Cards and pro
ducts, American Express Charge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American
 Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded cards or account numb
ers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.Plan ItPlan ItSM all
ows you to create up to 10 active payment plans for qualifying purchases of $100
 or more, subject to a plan fee. This fee is a fixed finance charge that will be
 charged each month that a plan is active.You may use this feature by selecting 
a qualifying purchase and a plan duration. Qualifying purchases will be identifi
ed in your American Express online account or American Express Mobile for your e
ligible Account. Qualifying purchases do not include purchases of cash or cash e
quivalents, purchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees or any fee owed to us,
 including Annual Membership fees.Your ability to create plans will be based on 
a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness or your credit limit. You wil
l not be able to create plans if your Account is canceled. You will not be able 
to create plans if one or more of your American Express accounts is enrolled int
o a debt management program, or has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is del
inquent. The number of active plans and plan durations offered to you will be at
 our discretion and will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditwor
thiness, the purchase amount, and your Account history.Plan It is available to C
redit Card accounts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Onl
y the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Account can sele
ct a qualifying purchase for Plan It. Prepaid Cards and products, American Expre
ss Charge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Busine
ss Cards and American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other f
inancial institutions are not eligible.Premium on-property Internet AccessFor Ba
sic Card Members only on Starpoint® eligible rate reservations at SPG® Participa
ting Hotels. Exclusions of Starpoint eligible rate reservations might include ro
oms booked through a group rate as part of an event and the SPG member does not 
directly pay the SPG Participating Hotel for such room; through a tour operator;
 or through an online travel channel or third-party channel (such as expedia.com
, hotwire.com, priceline.com, orbitz.com, booking.com, Travelocity.com, ctrip.co
m, or elong.com.) A full description of Starpoint eligible rates and SPG Partici
pating Hotels can be found at spg.com/terms. The SPG member account number must 
be provided at the time of reservation and/or check-in. Premium Internet access 
is limited to one room per eligible Card Member per stay regardless of how many 
rooms have been reserved. No incremental benefit will be provided at SPG Partici
pating Hotels that offer complimentary in-room Internet access to all guests. SP
G Participating Hotels that have mandatory resort charges that include Internet 
access will provide a replacement benefit, to be determined at each SPG Particip
ating Hotel's discretion.Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for e
ligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Cove
rage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximu
m of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purch
ase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items ar
e eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be 
returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purc
hases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, co
mputer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must b
e made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico
, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marsh
all Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to se
nd the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shippi
ng cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions 
and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.R
oadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotl
ine that can send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situatio
n. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, the C
ard Member will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or l
ocksmith can provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat
 tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is 
in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when 
traveling within the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto 
Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with the e
ligible vehicle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles
, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lb
s gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to pr
ovide you with coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weather
 or on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout serv
ice may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional
 important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call
 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.ShopRunnerShopRunner Benefit Te
rms and Conditions Enrolling in the Benefit. To get the free ShopRunner membersh
ip benefit compliments of American Express (the "benefit"), you must go to www.s
hoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify your eligibility for the benefit with a
n eligible Card account number and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner me
mbership account ("ShopRunner account"). For details on how the ShopRunner membe
rship works, please see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.shopr
unner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use of your ShopRunner membership benefit. 
You may also be able to enroll in this benefit through access provided to ShopRu
nner at participating online stores or through an email provided by American Exp
ress if it has determined that you have an eligible Card. An "eligible Card" mea
ns an American Express U.S. Consumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card tha
t is not cancelled and that is issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of Ame
rican Express. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards and 
American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial inst
itutions are not eligible. ShopRunner will verify with American Express the elig
ibility of your Credit or Charge Card account number for the benefit. Maintainin
g the Benefit. To maintain this benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must mai
ntain an eligible Card. The benefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner account 
if you do not have an eligible Card. You can maintain only one benefit per eligi
ble Card. During your enrollment in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Express
 will verify your benefit eligibility. Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Membersh
ips. If you enroll in the benefit and sign up with an existing ShopRunner accoun
t, ShopRunner will cancel the term of your existing ShopRunner account. If you p
aid a fee for any unused portion of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRunner
 will provide you with a pro rata refund for that portion in accordance with Sho
pRunner's refund policy. The refund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after enr
ollment and will be issued to the payment method you used to pay the fee. If a p
ortion of the cancelled term of membership was promotional or free, the free per
iod will be cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by you. If you currently have 
a free or promotional membership on your ShopRunner account, you should consider
 whether to enroll in the benefit at this time.General Terms. An eligible Card c
an be used to verify eligibility for only one benefit enrollment. American Expre
ss may receive and use your personal data from ShopRunner, which may include per
sonally identifiable information and Credit Card information, to determine eligi
bility and further develop features and services related to the benefit. America
n Express may send you emails regarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any inf
ormation American Express collects from you or from ShopRunner shall be governed
 by the American Express Online Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpress.c
om/privacy). American Express may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminate t
his benefit at any time. You can review these Terms and Conditions at any time b
y visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.Spending LimitsWhen you reques
t that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Additional 
Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement, a
nd are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreement.A
t your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of Purc
hases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associated w
ith one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your reque
st, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access tran
sactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card numbers a
ssociated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. If
 we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Membe
r will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applicabl
e limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (such a
s for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Purch
ase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit may n
ot be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined below
) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing peri
od that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing per
iod.Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with merch
ants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat some
 Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not being 
subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to wheth
er any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or an
y other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges ar
e incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchants 
to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documentat
ion for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded whe
n a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant ob
tains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to us 
for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the same
 time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not limi
ted to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board airpl
anes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals;
 lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail order P
urchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; tele
communications charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxicab c
harges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rentals
; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and Ch
arges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to yo
ur Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not be 
applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheques
 obtained other than by telephone from us.The Spending Limit for the Additional 
Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Card, 
spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's accoun
t terms and conditions.SPG Gold Status - UpgradesChange to an enhanced room base
d upon availability at time of check-in. Enhanced rooms are rooms on higher floo
rs, corner rooms, newly renovated rooms and rooms with preferred views. Enhanced
 rooms do not include suites. Not offered at Aloft® and ElementSM hotels. Subjec
t to availability for the entire length of the stay, provided the room was booke
d on Starpoints- eligible rate and was not booked through a prepaid, third-party
 channel, including priceline.com, expedia.com, booking.com, orbitz.com, and elo
ng.com.SPG MomentsSPG Moments℠ is an exclusive program for members of Starwood P
referred Guest where Starpoints® can be transformed into once-in-a-lifetime expe
riences. Events have included coveted VIP tickets to the hottest concerts of the
 year, championship sporting events, and red carpet premieres. Members may use S
tarpoints to bid on or redeem for experiences at the spgmoments.com website. Off
er based on first-come, first-served with limited space available or while suppl
ies last. Starwood Employees are ineligible to use Starpoints for SPG Moments.SP
G Platinum Status - UpgradesSubject to availability at check-in for the length o
f the stay, provided the room was not booked through a pre-paid third-party chan
nel. Specialty Suites such as, but not limited to, premium view, Presidential, H
oneymoon, and multiple bedroom suites are excluded. This benefit does not apply 
to all-suite hotels. Best rooms are identified by each property and may not incl
ude upgraded Towers level accommodations unless Towers level accommodations are 
booked originally. The upgrade benefit is available for one room for the persona
l use of the Member only, regardless of the number of additional rooms purchased
 by the Member. This benefit is not offered at Aloft and Element properties.SPG®
 Airline Transfer Program5,000 Starpoints® bonus is awarded only when 20,000 Sta
rpoints are transferred as part of the same transaction. For a list of participa
ting airlines, transfer ratios, and full program details, go to spg.com. Partici
pating airlines and transfer ratios are subject to change. Check with your frequ
ent flyer program for details on redemption of airline miles.SPG® Airline Transf
er ProgramParticipating airlines and conversion rates are subject to change. See
 spg.com for full program details.SPG® Elite StatusUpon opening your Card Accoun
t and, by February 15th of each subsequent calendar year it is open, you will re
ceive from Starwood credit for 2 stays and 5 nights towards your Starwood Prefer
red Guest® elite status. To receive this benefit, your Card Account must be link
ed to an SPG member account in your name. This benefit is limited to one annual 
credit per Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card Account ("Starwood Consumer Car
d Account"), and one annual credit per Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit
 Card Account ("Starwood Business Card Account"). You will not receive additiona
l 2 stay or 5 night elite status credits if you have multiple Starwood Consumer 
Card Accounts or additional Cards, and you will not receive additional 2 stay or
 5 night elite status credits if you have multiple Starwood Business Card Accoun
ts or supplemental Cards. However, if you have both a Starwood Consumer Card Acc
ount and a Starwood Business Card Account, you can receive a maximum credit of 4
 stays and 10 nights. Credits and status are subject to the Terms and Conditions
 of the SPG program.Starwood Brand TrademarksStarpoints, SPG, Preferred Guest, S
heraton®, Westin®, St. Regis®, The Luxury Collection®, W®, Le Méridien®, Design 
Hotels™, Tribute Portfolio™, ElementSM, Aloft®, Four Points® and their respectiv
e logos are trademarks of Marriott International, Inc., or its affiliates.The Am
erican Express Auto Purchasing Program DisclosureFor a Configured Vehicle, the G
uaranteed Savings represents the amount that a Certified Dealer guarantees that 
you will save off the MSRP on any in-stock vehicle that is the same make, model,
 and trim as your Configured Vehicle. The Guaranteed Savings for your Configured
 Vehicle is based on a vehicle without factory or dealer installed options and i
ncludes generally available manufacturer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle, th
e Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that the Certified Dealer guarantees 
that you will save off the MSRP of the vehicle with the specific VIN listed and 
includes savings on factory-installed options. If you change your vehicle or the
 optional features, it will change your savings. For full Terms and Conditions, 
see amexnetwork.truecar.com.The Boingo American Express Preferred PlanCompliment
ary access to Boingo Wi-Fi is being provided as a benefit to Card Members with e
ligible Cards. In order to access the benefit, Card Members with eligible Cards 
must first be authenticated and create a Boingo American Express Preferred Plan 
(or, the “AXP Plan”) account. Internet access may be required in order to be aut
henticated and create an account. For questions on eligibility, call the number 
on the back of your Card.If you submit your American Express Card number to Boin
go to verify that your Card is eligible for this benefit, Boingo will send your 
Card number to American Express. Upon receipt of your Card number from Boingo, A
merican Express will provide confirmation of your Card's eligibility for the Ame
rican Express Preferred Plan to Boingo. Boingo will not store or use your Card n
umber for any other purpose. Boingo's use of this information is subject to its 
privacy policy.If you have an existing paid Boingo subscription plan, your exist
ing plan will not be automatically cancelled when you enroll in the AXP Plan. If
 you would like to cancel any existing paid subscription plan, call Boingo's ded
icated AXP Plan line.The AXP Plan only provides access to land-based Wi-Fi servi
ces and does not include in-flight Wi-Fi. Available hotspots in Boingo's network
, including those managed and operated by Boingo and its partners (“Boingo's Net
work”) are subject to change at any time. Visit http://wifi.boingo.com to locate
 hotspots.Your use of Boingo's Wi-Fi services is subject to Boingo's End User Li
cense Agreement and Customer Agreement and other applicable terms and conditions
, including Boingo's privacy and security policies, available at www.boingo.com.
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Boingo's terms and condit
ions, American Express Card Members with eligible Cards (i) will not be charged 
for enrollment in the AXP Plan, and (ii) will be permitted to connect no more th
an four devices to Boingo's Network per month. Simultaneous use of devices with 
a single account is limited to a hotspot.By subscribing for this benefit, you ac
knowledge that American Express is not responsible for and does not guarantee th
e quality, security, coverage or availability of Boingo's Network or the free Wi
-Fi hotspots accessed through the Wi-Finder App. You agree that use of Wi-Fi acc
essed through Boingo is at your own risk.Use of the AXP Plan is limited to autho
rized Card Members only.This benefit is non-transferable, it is your responsibil
ity to ensure that no one else has access to your account details. Your account 
may be terminated for breach of any terms or conditions or for abuse of your AXP
 Plan account.From time to time, Boingo may request that you re-authenticate you
r Boingo American Express Preferred Plan account in order to confirm that you ar
e still a Card Member with an eligible Card. You can receive alerts and connect 
seamlessly to Boingo by downloading the Wi-Finder App to your laptop, tablet and
 mobile devices. This benefit is subject to change or cancellation without notic
e.Year-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, r
eflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of
 the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on p
olicy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideCar Rental Loss and Damage I
nsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance C
ompany, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR
, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is
 underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Pol
icy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa,
 Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlyi
ng Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of t
he Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This d
ocument does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the fi
rst 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage 
is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out t
heir personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off-road v
ehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. 
This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits n
ot paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision 
damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you, 
any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to ot
her vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com
/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance
 Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-
PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is 
underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Poli
cy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, 
Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlyi
ng Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of t
he Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This d
ocument does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend 
the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or
 less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer
's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year if the ori
ginal manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping and h
andling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not c
overed, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster,
 software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclu
sions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible 
Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to 
exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be require
d to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that
 shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.P
urchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company,
 Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Polic
y AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwrit
ten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB00
0000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated
 States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands
. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policie
s applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document do
es not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the pur
chase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost b
y Card Member, consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and their
 parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply
. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; cove
rage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Memb
er account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to 
us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product pro
vides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any p
rimary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpre
ss.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritte
n by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0
948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU a
nd MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagat
na, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not available to residents of Ame
rican Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US 
Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exc
lusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with no
tice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, yo
u must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, sh
ip, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a 
Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Memb
er's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Re
wards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. I
f you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another
 program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please rea
d important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for
 claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that 
maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpres
s.com/TAIterms.