Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONPayment InformationFor Credit Card
 Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors t
o consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Co
nsumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmoreFe
esAnnual Membership Fee$0 for the first year, then $195Transaction Fees Foreign 
TransactionNonePenalty Fees Late PaymentUp to $38Returned PaymentUp to $38 TERMS
 AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement.By submitting this applicati
on, you are requesting us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) a
s you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. Th
is offer is available to US Residents.You promise that the information you provi
de on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information 
and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our
 affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time 
for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we 
will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of 
the agency that provided it. When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card
), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to 
you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restric
ts your opportunity to have claims related to the account heard in court or reso
lved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding.  We 
may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this i
n response to the business, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some t
erms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if y
ou have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during the 
first year of your Card Membership. Additional Cards: Additional Card Members do
 not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subject to the terms of
 the Card Member Agreement. You are responsible for all use of your Account by A
dditional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay f
or all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members infor
mation about your Account and to discuss it with them. Patriot Act Notice: Feder
al law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record informat
ion that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, addre
ss, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identi
ty.  Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marital property
 agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Prop
erty Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to the time c
redit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement or decree o
r is given complete information about the agreement or decree.  Notice to Califo
rnia Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.Notic
e to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law
 will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oreg
on Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be ch
arged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the
 minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice
 to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all credit
ors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credi
t reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon 
request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.T
he Premier Rewards Gold Card is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2018 
American Express National Bank.POID CF2V:0001OFFER TERMSWelcome bonus offer not 
available to applicants who have or have had this product.25,000 PointsYou must 
charge $2,000 of eligible purchases on the Premier Rewards Gold Card within the 
first three months of Card Membership to earn the 25,000 points starting from th
e date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $2,000 
may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, p
urchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay i
n merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from t
he date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the pur
chase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Points will be credited to yo
ur Program account within 8-12 weeks after you have met the Threshold Amount. If
 we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or 
gaming in connection with the welcome bonus offer in any way or that you intend 
to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome 
bonus offer (s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your 
account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchase
s you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit Membership Rewards P
oints to, we may freeze Membership Rewards Points credited to, or we may take aw
ay Membership Rewards Points from your account. We may also cancel this Card acc
ount and other Card accounts you may have with us. Eligible purchases can be mad
e by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card acco
unt. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and o
ther credits and do NOT include: fees or interest charges; purchases of traveler
s checks; purchases or reloading of prepaid cards; purchases of gift cards; pers
on-to-person payments; or purchases of other cash equivalents. Some American Exp
ress® Cards are not eligible for enrollment in the program. American Express res
erves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time. Your Card account must no
t be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment of any offers.Terms and Con
ditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/t
erms for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subj
ect to change without notice.The value of Membership Rewards points varies accor
ding to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.c
om/pointsinfo.Basic and Additional Cards Annual Fee The Premier Rewards Gold Car
d from American Express will have a $0 introductory annual fee for the first yea
r of Card Membership. After the first year, the annual fee for the Basic Card wi
ll be $195. There is no annual fee for up to 5 Additional Cards. The annual fee 
for 6 or more Additional Cards is $35 for each Card.BENEFIT TERMSThe following b
enefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.3/2/1 AcceleratorYou 
will earn one point for each dollar charged for an eligible purchase in each bil
ling period on your Premier Rewards Gold Card from American Express. You will ea
rn: 2 additional points (for a total of 3 points) for airfare on a scheduled fli
ght charged directly with passenger airlines (charter flights and private jet fl
ights are excluded); 1 additional point (for a total of 2 points) for each dolla
r charged at restaurants located in the US; 1 additional point (for a total of 2
 points) for gasoline at gas stations located in the U.S. (superstores, supermar
kets and warehouse clubs that sell gasoline are not considered gas stations); an
d 1 additional point (for a total of 2 points) for purchases at supermarkets loc
ated in the U.S. (superstores and warehouse clubs are not considered supermarket
s). To earn additional points for a restaurant purchase, the purchase must be at
 a restaurant located in the United States. You will NOT earn additional points 
for purchases made at a restaurant owned by a U.S. company but located outside t
he U.S. (e.g. Hard Rock Café in Paris). You also will NOT earn additional points
 for purchases at nightclubs, convenience stores, grocery stores, or supermarket
s. You may not earn additional points for purchases at a restaurant located with
in another establishment (e.g. a restaurant inside a hotel, casino, or event ven
ue). For example, purchases made at a restaurant located within a hotel may be r
ecognized as a purchase at a hotel, not a restaurant. Eligible purchases are pur
chases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchase
s do NOT include fees or interest charges, purchases of travelers checks, purcha
ses or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Addit
ional terms and restrictions apply. Merchants are assigned codes based on what t
hey primarily sell. A purchase will not qualify for additional points if the mer
chant's code is not eligible. Purchases made through a third-party payment accou
nt or on an online marketplace (with multiple retailers) will not qualify for ad
ditional points. A purchase may not qualify for additional points if the merchan
t submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mo
bile or digital wallet.Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years
 old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.American Express
 Preferred SeatingEligible Cards Preferred Seating is available to American Expr
ess® Gold Card, Platinum Card®, Centurion® Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Credit
 Card, Delta Reserve Credit Card from American Express, Platinum Delta SkyMiles®
 Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card from American Expr
ess, American Express® Corporate Gold Card, Corporate Platinum Card®, Corporate 
Centurion Card® from American Express, and the Executive Business Card, Business
 Gold Card, Business Platinum Card® and Business Centurion® Card from American E
xpress OPEN, if issued by American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.
, an American Express bank. Tickets available through the American Express Prefe
rred Seating program are available exclusively for qualifying Card Members at no
 additional cost. Tickets must be purchased with an eligible American Express Ca
rd. Standard service charges apply. Tickets are subject to availability and appl
y to select events. Availability will vary by performance based on prior sales. 
Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refund
s. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discret
ion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with 
disabilities. Redemption Information To redeem an American Express Preferred Sea
ting offer, Domestic Card Members, please proceed to purchase your ticket throug
h any primary ticketing channel including online, mobile, phone or at an outlet 
or box office authorized for the event and provide the 10-digit Customer Service
 phone number located on the back of your Card when prompted. International Card
 Members, please enter your promotional code. If you are a Domestic Card Member,
 for more information on Preferred Seating, please call 1-800-448-TIKS or visit 
americanexpress.com/entertainment. If you are an International Card Member, plea
se call the customer service number located on the back of your Card. Internatio
nal inquiries will not be serviced on the U.S. 800 number listed above.American 
Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclu
sively to all American Express® Card Members(including Prepaid and International
 Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prep
aid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject t
o availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales 
final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at 
the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Ca
rd Members with disabilities.Amex Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app feature
s are available only for eligible Card accounts in the United States. American E
xpress® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not e
ligible.To log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and passwo
rd or create one in the app.Amex Mobile appiOS and Android only. See app store l
istings for operating system infoConsumer $100 Airline Fee CreditBenefit is avai
lable to Premier Rewards Gold Card Members only. To receive statement credits of
 up to $100 per calendar year toward incidental air travel fees, Card Member mus
t select one qualifying airline at http://www.americanexpress.com/selectafc. Onl
y the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Card Account can
 select the qualifying airline. Card Members who have not chosen a qualifying ai
rline will be able to do so at any time. Card Members who have already selected 
a qualifying airline will be able to change their choice one time each year in J
anuary at http://www.americanexpress.com/selectafc or by calling the number on t
he back of the Card. Card Members who do not change their airline selection will
 remain with their current airline. Statement Credits: Incidental air travel fee
s must be charged to the Card Member on the eligible Card Account for the benefi
t to apply. Incidental air travel fees charged by both the Basic and Additional 
Card Members on the eligible Card Account are eligible for statement credits. Ho
wever, each Card Account is eligible for up to a total of $100 per calendar year
 in statement credits across all Cards on the Account. Incidental air travel fee
s must be separate charges from airline ticket charges. Fees not charged by the 
Card Member's airline of choice (e.g. wireless internet and fees incurred with a
irline alliance partners) do not qualify for statement credits. Incidental air t
ravel fees charged prior to selection of a qualifying airline are not eligible f
or statement credits. Airline tickets, upgrades, mileage points purchases, milea
ge points transfer fees, gift cards, duty free purchases, and award tickets are 
not deemed to be incidental fees. The airline must submit the charge under the a
ppropriate merchant code, industry code, or required service or product identifi
er for the charge to be recognized as an incidental air travel fee. Please allow
 2-4 weeks after the qualifying incidental air travel fee is charged to your Car
d Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. We rely on airlin
es to submit the correct information on airline transactions, so please call the
 number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 4 wee
ks from the date of purchase. Card Members remain responsible for timely payment
 of all charges. To be eligible for this benefit, Card Account(s) must be not ca
nceled and not past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment. If a charge
 for any incidental air travel fee is included in a Pay Over Time feature balanc
e on your Card Account (for example, Sign &amp; Travel), the statement credit as
sociated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time feature balan
ce. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. Fo
r additional information about this benefit, call the number on the back of your
 Card.Destination FamilyValid for new bookings made through American Express Tra
vel and eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies with participating travel pr
oviders: Abercrombie &amp; Kent, Royal Caribbean International, Regent Seven Sea
s Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider. Payment must be m
ade with an American Express Card. Program benefits may not be available to resi
dents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member must travel on itiner
ary booked. Limit one benefit package per booking. May not be combined with othe
r offers unless indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits are subject to chan
ge. Benefits listed are non- transferable, subject to availability, and cannot b
e redeemed for cash or credit. Available to all U.S. American Express Corporate,
 Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolve
d in the Card Member's favor.Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. 
During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all Amer
ican Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets 
must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and Internati
onal Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. N
ot all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds
. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discreti
on of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with d
isabilities.Extra Membership Rewards® points at amextravel.com2x PointsMembershi
p Rewards-enrolled Card Members get at least 1 Membership Rewards® point for eve
ry eligible dollar spent on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American E
xpress® Card. Those same Card Members will also get at least 1 additional point 
for each dollar of eligible travel purchases made on amextravel.com on their Mem
bership Rewards program-enrolled American Express Card. Eligible travel purchase
s include all travel purchases made with your Membership Rewards program-enrolle
d American Express® Card on amextravel.com, including air, prepaid hotels, vacat
ion packages (flight + hotel packages) or cruise reservations, minus returns and
 other credits. Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members are only eligible fo
r 1 additional point on cruise reservations. Eligible travel purchases do NOT in
clude car reservations, non-prepaid hotels, ticketing service or other fees, or 
interest charges. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase categ
ories or in connection with promotions or offers from American Express may not b
e combined with this offer, such as 5X bonuses for Platinum and Business Platinu
m Card Members. Any portion of a charge that you elect to cover through redempti
on of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to receive points. If you have a
n Amex EveryDay Card product, additional points awarded under this offer will no
t be included in the extra points benefit. Additional points will be credited to
 the Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after final payment is made.Global A
ssist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services 
are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are resp
onsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms a
nd Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Gold Card DestinationsValid for n
ew bookings of a vacation package or cruise of at least $3,000 with a participat
ing supplier made through American Express Travel or eligible Travel Representat
ive Network agents. Not valid for online bookings. Payment must be made with an 
American Express Card in U.S. Consumer Gold Card Member, Platinum Card Member or
 Centurion member's name. $100 shipboard credit or instant savings benefits may 
not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Memb
er must travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit per booking. May not be co
mbined with other offers unless indicated. Benefits listed are non-transferable 
and fare restrictions may apply. All shipboard credits will be credited to the g
uest's shipboard folio upon checkout. Shipboard credit amounts in international 
jurisdictions may vary due to foreign exchange rates and timing of application. 
Shipboard credits are subject to cruise line policies. Credits cannot be used fo
r casino charges and gratuities. Unused portion of credit is non-refundable and 
is not redeemable for cash. Other restrictions may apply, see onboard cashier fo
r details. Benefit varies by participating provider.Instant Card NumberInstant C
ard Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly validate your identi
ty. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an instant acc
ount number that you can use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and
 a physical card will not be required. You may not have access to your full cred
it line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after you confirm receipt of 
your physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 business days of account appro
val.Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on a
mextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates
, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes 
and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to
 your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guaranteed" policy app
lies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates
 or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not l
imited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/milita
ry, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in 
combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won th
rough contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites
 that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is co
mplete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles t
hat may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, a
nd (4) rates booked through the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS program. DetailsMember
ship Rewards® Pay With PointsTo use Pay with Points, you must charge your eligib
le purchase through American Express Travel or through a Pay with Points authori
zed travel agency to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Ca
rd. Eligible purchases through American Express Travel or through a Pay with Poi
nts authorized Travel agency exclude car reservations and non-prepaid hotels. Po
ints will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corres
ponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card account used. 
If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price wil
l remain on the American Express Card account. Minimum redemption 5,000 points.S
ee membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and cond
itions.If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time feature balance
 on your Linked Account (for example, the Extended Payment Option), the statemen
t credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time fe
ature balance. Instead the statement credit may be applied to your Pay in Full b
alance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by calling the numbe
r on the back of your Card.Membership Rewards® ProgramTerms and Conditions for t
he Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more
 information. Participating partners and available rewards are subject to change
 without notice. The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how 
you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinf
o.Membership Rewards® Program - Transfer PointsEnrollment in a participating Fre
quent Flyer or Frequent Guest program is required. Airline tickets and guest roo
ms are subject to availability. For each conversion of points into the Frequent 
Flyer program of a U.S. airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee 
of $99, will be charged to your Card account. We charge this fee to offset the f
ederal excise tax we must pay on such conversions. The fee may be more or less t
han the actual amount of the excise tax we pay on any individual conversion. We 
may offer you the option to redeem points to cover this fee.Membership Rewards® 
Program - Transfer Points (Domestic Airlines)Enrollment in a participating Frequ
ent Flyer program is required. Airline tickets are subject to availability. For 
each conversion of points into the Frequent Flyer program of a U.S. airline, a f
ee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee of $99, will be charged to your Card
 account. We charge this fee to offset the federal excise tax we must pay on suc
h conversions. The fee may be more or less than the actual amount of the excise 
tax we pay on any individual conversion. We may offer you the option to redeem p
oints to cover this fee.No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not cha
rge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United 
States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchan
ts charge a fee on foreign transactions.No Interest ChargesIf you become eligibl
e, you may be given the option to extend payment over time on certain charges us
ing our Pay Over Time feature(s). If you use these features, you may accrue inte
rest on any charges you choose to pay over time.No Preset Spending LimitNo prese
t spending limit does not mean unlimited spending. Purchasing power adjusts with
 your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record and financial resourc
es known to us, and other factors.Personalized Travel ServiceAmerican Express Tr
avel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for trav
el suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers.
 We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other inc
entives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentiv
es to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpre
ss.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#6
69.Personalized Travel Service is provided by third party franchisees, not direc
tly by American Express.  Fees may apply.Premium AccessTransportation and accomm
odation costs are additional unless otherwise stated. The price indicated covers
 event costs only. Tax and gratuity extra. All sales are final and non-refundabl
e, and resale is prohibited. Payment must be made using an eligible American Exp
ress® Card. Details and prices are subject to change. Packages are available on 
a first-come, first-served basis. Availability is limited. Must be 21 years of a
ge or older to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. Participat
ing merchants and available rewards are subject to change without notice.Premium
 Roadside AssistancePremium Roadside Assistance provides the following services 
at no additional cost up to 4 times per calendar year when Card Member is presen
t with the eligible vehicle: towing up to 10 miles, winching, jump starts, flat 
tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is i
n vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Card Member will be charged f
or the costs of towing in excess of 10 miles and any other additional services. 
Coverage is available in the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada,
 Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. This product does not cover some vehic
les, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors 
and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions appl
y. In case of inclement weather, we may be unable to provide you with services. 
Services may not be available or may be at the cost of the Card Member on roadwa
ys which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be un
available for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important te
rms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156
 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refun
d you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express®
 Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up 
to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the da
te of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunde
d. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they
 cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. C
ertain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishabl
e items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purch
ases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micron
esia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be req
uired to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for 
that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, 
conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.co
m/RPterms.Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.
,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible fo
r the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certa
in suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets 
or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For mo
re information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1
022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.Shop Small® MapOnly qualifying A
merican Express Card accepting small merchants will be featured on the map. Plea
se note that business location and other information provided on the map may con
tain inaccuracies or errors, including as a result of information provided by th
ird parties. The data on this map is constantly being updated, please continuall
y check back for updates.Shop with Membership Rewards PointsWelcome. If you use 
points for products through membershiprewards.com, you accept these Conditions o
f Use. Please read them carefully.When using points for products through members
hiprewards.com you are purchasing directly from a merchant, not from American Ex
press. Participating merchants determine (i) product prices and availability, (i
i) offers, promotions and applicable restrictions, (iii) estimated shipping and 
(iv) estimated tax, all of which are subject to change and are only confirmed in
 the order confirmation email sent by the merchant.USE OF THIS SITEYou agree to 
use this site for lawful purposes only. American Express reserves the right to i
nterrupt or restrict your access to this site, without notice to you, if we susp
ect fraudulent or abusive activity. American Express uses commercially reasonabl
e efforts to maintain the security of this site; however, you acknowledge and ag
ree that there is no guarantee of absolute security of information that is commu
nicated over the Internet.USE OF MEMBERSHIP REWARDS POINTSFor accounts that qual
ify, Membership Rewards points will be deducted for the purchase amount displaye
d at checkout; such amount includes estimated tax and estimated shipping/handlin
g charges. A debit for the purchase, including actual tax and actual shipping/ha
ndling charges, will be issued by the participating merchant and a credit for th
e purchase amount displayed at checkout, will be issued to the Card account sele
cted during checkout. Please note: The debit and the credit may not appear on th
e same statement. If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time feat
ure balance on your Card account (for example, the Extended Payment Option), the
 statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Ove
r Time feature balance. Instead the statement credit may be applied to your Pay 
In Full balance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by calling 
the number on the back of your Card.Permitted returns of merchandise may result 
in a credit on your Card account. You can convert this credit back into points b
y calling Membership Rewards.The following Membership Rewards enrollees are not 
eligible to use points to purchase products through membershiprewards.com: • Mem
bership Rewards enrollees with any Card account that is past due, canceled, or h
as a return payment outstanding.REJECTED ORDERSIf we are unable to place your or
der with the participating merchant you have selected, your order will be cancel
led. If this occurs, you will receive an email notifying you of the order cancel
ation. If you have an active Membership Rewards program account, the points asso
ciated with the cancelled order will be returned to your program account. As a r
esult, the Card account you selected at checkout will have both a statement cred
it and a reversal of that statement credit for the dollar amount associated with
 the points you redeemed for the cancelled order. If you have an inactive progra
m account, the points you redeemed for the cancelled order will not be returned 
to your program account and you will have a statement credit for the dollar amou
nt associated with the points you redeemed for the cancelled order on the Card a
ccount you selected at checkout.PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONSYou acknowledge that partici
pating merchants provide their own product descriptions. American Express does n
ot warrant that such product descriptions of the site are accurate, complete, re
liable, current, or error-free.CONFIRMING PRICESThe price for the items in your 
Shopping Cart reflects the most recent price provided to American Express by the
 merchant. Please note that this price may differ from the price shown for the i
tem when you first placed it in your cart. If during order placement with the me
rchant, an item's price is higher than the price indicated at checkout on the si
te we will cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. However, if th
e shipping or tax charges are higher than the estimates indicated on the site, w
e will proceed with and place your orderSHIPPINGShipping fees, policies and limi
tations are determined by the merchant, and shipping fees are only confirmed in 
the order confirmation email sent by the merchant. Please note, only a selection
 of merchants ship to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands, For
 each participating merchant's full shipping details visit the Store Details and
 Policies pageWEB SITE RULES AND REGULATIONSAll rules, regulations and disclaime
rs set forth in the American Express Web Site Rules and Regulations apply to you
r use of this site, and are incorporated by reference into these Conditions of U
se. Please carefully review the Web Site Rules and Regulations.ShopRunnerShopRun
ner Benefit Terms and Conditions Enrolling in the Benefit. To get the free ShopR
unner membership benefit compliments of American Express (the "benefit"), you mu
st go to www.shoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify your eligibility for the 
benefit with an eligible Card account number and then complete the sign up for a
 ShopRunner membership account ("ShopRunner account"). For details on how the Sh
opRunner membership works, please see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at htt
ps://www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use of your ShopRunner member
ship benefit. You may also be able to enroll in this benefit through access prov
ided to ShopRunner at participating online stores or through an email provided b
y American Express if it has determined that you have an eligible Card. An "elig
ible Card" means an American Express U.S. Consumer or Small Business Credit or C
harge Card that is not cancelled and that is issued to you by a U.S. banking sub
sidiary of American Express. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corpor
ate Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other 
financial institutions are not eligible. ShopRunner will verify with American Ex
press the eligibility of your Credit or Charge Card account number for the benef
it. Maintaining the Benefit. To maintain this benefit on your ShopRunner account
, you must maintain an eligible Card. The benefit may be cancelled on your ShopR
unner account if you do not have an eligible Card. You can maintain only one ben
efit per eligible Card. During your enrollment in the benefit, ShopRunner and Am
erican Express will verify your benefit eligibility. Treatment of Existing ShopR
unner Memberships. If you enroll in the benefit and sign up with an existing Sho
pRunner account, ShopRunner will cancel the term of your existing ShopRunner acc
ount. If you paid a fee for any unused portion of the cancelled term of membersh
ip, ShopRunner will provide you with a pro rata refund for that portion in accor
dance with ShopRunner's refund policy. The refund will be processed within 2-4 w
eeks after enrollment and will be issued to the payment method you used to pay t
he fee. If a portion of the cancelled term of membership was promotional or free
, the free period will be cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by you. If you c
urrently have a free or promotional membership on your ShopRunner account, you s
hould consider whether to enroll in the benefit at this time.General Terms. An e
ligible Card can be used to verify eligibility for only one benefit enrollment. 
American Express may receive and use your personal data from ShopRunner, which m
ay include personally identifiable information and Credit Card information, to d
etermine eligibility and further develop features and services related to the be
nefit. American Express may send you emails regarding your enrollment in this be
nefit. Any information American Express collects from you or from ShopRunner sha
ll be governed by the American Express Online Privacy Statement (https://www.ame
ricanexpress.com/privacy). American Express may change, modify, cancel, revoke, 
or terminate this benefit at any time. You can review these Terms and Conditions
 at any time by visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.Spending LimitsW
hen you request that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by 
an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms
 supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Memb
er Agreement.At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar 
amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card number
s associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account.
 At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of ca
sh access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using 
Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on yo
ur Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additio
nal Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to
 the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any c
redits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit rela
tes to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change
 a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as
 defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during 
a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for th
at billing period.Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangeme
nts with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required 
to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges)
 as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without r
egard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liabl
e to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or w
hen Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically requ
ire merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transact
ion documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may b
e exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when
 a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge su
bmitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or process
ed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, bu
t are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or 
on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; ve
hicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certai
n mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas 
stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incurred with calling ca
rds; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connectio
n with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other grat
uities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge i
s posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limi
t will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques o
r gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.The Spending Limit for t
he Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Add
itional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card M
ember's account terms and conditions.The American Express Auto Purchasing Progra
m DisclosureFor a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amou
nt that a Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP on any in-
stock vehicle that is the same make, model, and trim as your Configured Vehicle.
 The Guaranteed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is based on a vehicle withou
t factory or dealer installed options and includes generally available manufactu
rer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the a
mount that the Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP of th
e vehicle with the specific VIN listed and includes savings on factory-installed
 options. If you change your vehicle or the optional features, it will change yo
ur savings. For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.The Hotel
 CollectionThe Hotel Collection: Valid for new bookings with participating provi
ders of at least two consecutive nights made through Platinum Travel Service, Bu
siness Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Service,amextravel.com or any A
merican Express Travel location. Available only for the following U.S. American 
Express Card Members: Consumer and Business Gold Card Members, and Business Gold
 Rewards Card Members, Consumer and Business Platinum Card ® Members and Consume
r and Business Centurion® Members ("Eligible Card Members"). The term "Eligible 
Card Members" does not include Gold and Platinum Credit Card Members such as Gol
d Delta SkyMiles® Card Members. Payment must be made in full with an American Ex
press Card in the Eligible Card Member's name. Eligible Card Member must travel 
on itinerary booked. Eligible Card Member will receive hotel credit upon checkou
t equal to $1 for each eligible dollar spent, up to $75, which amount will be cr
edited upon check-out based on qualifying charges made by the Eligible Card Memb
er excluding charges for taxes, gratuities, fees and cost of room. Additional ex
clusions based on specific hotel restrictions may also apply (including without 
limitation purchases within the hotel that are unaffiliated and/or owned by thir
d parties) - see applicable hotel front desk for details. Credit cannot be carri
ed over to another stay, is not redeemable for cash and expires at check-out. Cr
edit is non-exchangeable and non-refundable and is applied in USD or equivalent 
in local currency based on exchange rate on day of arrival. May not be combined 
with other offers or programs unless indicated. Limit one credit per room, per s
tay. Room upgrade is based on availability and eligibility at check-in. Three-ro
om limit per Eligible Card Member per stay; back-to-back stays within a 24-hour 
period at the same property are considered one stay. Hotel nightly rates vary by
 property, dates, room category and occupancy. Participating providers and benef
its are subject to change. For bookings made on amextravel.com, eligible Card Me
mbers receive Double Points on each The Hotel Collection booking or can use Pay 
with Points.Using Points for ChargesUsing Points for Your Charges is only availa
ble to Basic Consumer and OPEN Card Members enrolled in the U.S. Membership Rewa
rds® program. Additional Card Members, Authorized Additional Card Members, and C
orporate Card Members are not eligible. Account managers and Rewards managers ma
y be eligible to use points by calling the number on the back of your Card but a
re not eligible to use points online. All Linked Card Accounts must not be cance
led, past due or have a returned payment outstanding. A minimum of 1,000 Members
hip Rewards points in your program Account is required and you may use Membershi
p Rewards points only toward the entire amount of an eligible charge. American E
xpress will present the eligible charges you can use points towards, and we may 
change which charges are eligible at any time without notice. American Express i
s under no obligation to make charges available for redemption using Membership 
Rewards points. For each transaction, points will be debited immediately from yo
ur Membership Rewards program Account and a credit will be issued to your Linked
 Card Account for the corresponding dollar amount within 48 hours. Credits proce
ssed after the Card Account's statement closing date will appear in the followin
g billing period. You are responsible for payment of the amount due on your Card
 Account by the due date even after using this feature. To learn about this feat
ure and redeem points online, visit membershiprewards.com/yourcharges.Year-End S
ummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects char
ges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior y
ear.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on policy terms,
 go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance 
Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, 
AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. F
or residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insu
rance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not ava
ilable to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall 
Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the 
terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is
 subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the
 Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Ca
rrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare mea
ns the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your B
asic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with Am
erican Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points pr
ogram for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer 
miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you wil
l not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays e
ligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked ba
ggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For f
ull Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Rental Loss and D
amage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assu
rance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX
0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the 
Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam un
der Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American
 Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor
 Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusio
ns of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice.
 This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for
 the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Co
verage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to ren
t out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off
-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Condi
tions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible ben
efits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides col
lision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries t
o you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damage
s to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpr
ess.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX As
surance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy 
AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the P
lan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam und
er Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American 
Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor
 Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusio
ns of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice.
 This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can 
extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five y
ears or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manuf
acturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year if 
the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shippin
g and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases ar
e not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural di
saster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other importan
t exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your el
igible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; 
not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be 
required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you f
or that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EW
terms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance C
ompany, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR
, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is un
derwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy
 CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Fe
derated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying 
Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the 
Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This docu
ment does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for 
the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. consu
mable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessorie
s, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be r
eimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up t
o $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per cale
ndar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case w
e will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary cov
erage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance th
at you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.Trav
el Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance
 Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-
PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is 
underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB
000000111 . This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federa
ted States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Isla
nds. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Poli
cies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document
 does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Enti
re Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with yo
ur eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a C
ommon Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Expre
ss Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or Am
erican Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another f
orm of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for
 all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusi
ons and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, you
r account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the origi
nal charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.