Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGE
SAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases17.24% to 26.24%, based on your credi
tworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening. This
 APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers
17.24% to  26.24% APR on balance transfers requested within 60 days of account o
pening based on your creditworthiness and other factors.This APR will vary with 
the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary
 with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When it Applies29.99%Th
is APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied
 to new transactions on your account if:1) you make one or more late payments; o
r2) your payment is returned by your bankWe may also consider your creditworthin
ess in determining whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.How L
ong Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for
 at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR 
is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made tim
ely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.Payin
g InterestYour due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing peri
od. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your enti
re balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) 
by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance tr
ansfers on the transaction date.Plan Fee  (Fixed Finance Charge) Up to 1.17% of 
each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would o
therwise apply to the purchase and other factors.For Credit Card Tips from the C
onsumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmoreFeesAnnual Members
hip Fee$0Transaction Fees Cash AdvanceEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash
 advance, whichever is greater.Foreign TransactionNonePenalty Fees Late PaymentU
p to $38Returned PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneHow We Will Calculate Your Balance
: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."Loss 
of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR 
if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Paym
ent Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%. Variable APRs for
 each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Jo
urnal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not
 publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate 
from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable AP
Rs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Mini
mum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable 
APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are ac
curate as of 03/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreemen
t.By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in yo
ur name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or ove
r may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.You promise 
that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize 
us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agen
cies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information 
we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permi
tted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer repor
t and the name and address of the agency that provided it. When you use your Acc
ount (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agree
ment that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitr
ation provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the 
account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class acti
on or similar proceeding.  We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to ap
plicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive 
environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we wi
ll tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot ch
ange certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership. Additional Car
ds: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your A
ccount subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsible fo
r all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to us
e your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to give
 Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with t
hem. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obta
in, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an accou
nt, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will 
allow us to verify your identity. Balance Transfers: Only balance transfers from
 accounts in your name requested within 60 days from the date of account opening
 will be approved. We will charge your Card account for the total approved amoun
t of all balance transfers. No transfer will be processed if: (1) any requested 
transfer is less than $100; (2) the total amount of all requested transfers exce
eds the lesser of $7,500 or 75% of your credit limit; or (3) charging the reques
ted transfers to your Card account would cause your total account balance to exc
eed your credit limit. We will not initiate any balance transfer until at least 
ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card Member Agreement to
 you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a balance transfer.
 Please be sure to make all required payments on any account from which you are 
transferring a balance until the balance transfer is credited to that account. Y
ou authorize us to verify the balance of such accounts. You may not transfer bal
ances from any account issued by American Express or any of its affiliates. Addi
tional Card Members may not request or authorize balance transfers. Your balance
 transfer request may be declined if any of your American Express accounts are n
ot in good standing. Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any 
marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsi
n's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, pri
or to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agree
ment or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree.  
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department
 of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on
 comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Departme
nt of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govNotice to California Re
sidents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.Cash advance
 at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obta
in cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advanc
es by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.Notice to Del
aware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be
 charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon Resid
ents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on
 the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum
 payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to Ohio
 Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make
 credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit report
ing agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.
 The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.The Hilto
n Honors Credit Card from American Express is issued by an American Express Nati
onal Bank ©2018 American Express. All rights reserved ©2018 Hilton.Hilton Honors
 membership, earning and redemption of Points are subject to Hilton Honors Terms
 &amp; Conditions. Excludes Hampton by Hilton Hotels in Mainland China. ©2018 Hi
ltonHilton Honors and all trademarks of the Hilton Portfolio are owned by Hilton
 Domestic Operating Company Inc. or its subsidiaries.POID G9AX:0003OFFER TERMSWe
lcome bonus offer not available to applicants who have or have had this product.
50,000 Hilton Honors Bonus PointsYou can earn 50,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points 
after you spend $1,000 (the "Threshold Amount") on eligible purchases on your Ca
rd in your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account
 is approved. Eligible purchases to meet the Threshold Amount of this offer incl
ude those made by both the Basic and Additional Card Members on the Card Account
. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and othe
r credits. Eligible purchases to meet the Threshold Amount of this offer do NOT 
include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchase of 
travelers checks, purchase or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift card
s, person-to-person payments, or other cash equivalents. Hilton Honors Bonus Poi
nts will be credited to your Hilton Honors account 6 – 8 weeks after the Thresho
ld Amount has been reached. If we in our sole discretion determine that you have
 engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome bonus offer 
in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or m
ore cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer(s) that we did not intend for you; if 
you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if 
you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may no
t credit the Hilton Honors Bonus Points to your account. We may also cancel this
 Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us. Your Card account mu
st not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment of any offers. Additio
nal Card Members are not eligible to receive this offer. Bonus Points do not cou
nt toward elite tier qualification; for more information, visit HiltonHonors.com
/terms.You can earn 50,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points after you spend $1,000 or 
more in qualifying purchases on your Card within your first 3 months of Card Mem
bership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your
 period to spend $1,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in rece
iving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some 
cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purc
hase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you b
uy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Hilto
n Honors Bonus Points will be credited to your Hilton Honors account 6 - 8 weeks
 after the spend requirement has been reached.American Express reserves the righ
t to modify or revoke offer at any time.BENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and 
services are subject to change or cancellation.Account ManagerAccount Managers m
ust be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security
 Number.American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets ar
e available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members(including Prepaid 
and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Car
d (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. O
ffer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates 
apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoke
d at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be
 accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Amex Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile ap
p and app features are available only for eligible Card accounts in the United S
tates. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express 
issuers are not eligible.To log in, Card Members must have an American Express u
ser ID and password or create one in the app.Amex Mobile appiOS and Android only
. See app store listings for operating system infoComplimentary Silver StatusYou
 will receive complimentary Hilton Honors Silver status with your Hilton Honors 
American Express Card. Complimentary Silver status benefit is only available to 
the Basic Card Member. If your Hilton Honors American Express Card is cancelled 
for any reason, your complimentary Hilton Honors Silver status provided with the
 Card will be cancelled. American Express reserves the right to change, modify o
r revoke complimentary Silver status at any time. If your complimentary Silver s
tatus is cancelled, you may be able to maintain your Silver status by qualifying
 under the Hilton Honors Program terms. Silver status benefits are subject to av
ailability and vary by hotel. For more information on Silver status benefits or 
how to maintain Silver status each year with qualifying stays, nights or Hilton 
Honors Base Points through the Hilton Honors Program, and for complete Terms and
 Conditions, visit HiltonHonors.com/MemberBenefits.Destination FamilyValid for n
ew bookings made through American Express Travel and eligible Travel Associate P
latform agencies with participating travel providers: Abercrombie &amp; Kent, Ro
yal Caribbean International, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. 
Benefit varies by provider. Payment must be made with an American Express Card. 
Program benefits may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous Uni
ted States. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit packa
ge per booking. May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout
 dates apply and benefits are subject to change. Benefits listed are non- transf
erable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. Avai
lable to all U.S. American Express Corporate, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.D
ispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.Drive 
Off With Savings &amp; Hilton Honors Bonus PointsA qualifying rental must meet t
he following: The Primary Driver's Hilton Honors number must be provided at time
 of reservation. The name of the member associated with the Hilton Honors number
 provided must match the Primary Driver's name on the rental to qualify for mile
age awards. Only one Hilton Honors member per car rental will be credited with p
oints. Special contracted corporate or promotional rates such as employee, net t
our, travel agent, group, wholesale or package rates, crew, insurance/dealer rep
lacement or other or non-revenue rentals do not qualify for points. Multiple ren
tals that encompass different cars on the same or consecutive days from the same
 location shall be counted as a single qualifying rental even if the member chec
ks the car in and back out during the same period.Entertainment Access®Offer val
id in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available ex
clusively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and Internati
onal Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including 
Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subje
ct to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sa
les final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time
 at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible t
o Card Members with disabilities.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotl
ine coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge fro
m American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-
party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/
GAterms.Hilton Honors Bonus Points on Eligible PurchasesHilton Honors Bonus Poin
ts earned using your Hilton Honors American Express Card: You will receive 3 Hil
ton Honors Bonus Points for each dollar of eligible purchases. You will receive 
4 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points, for a total of 7, for each dollar of el
igible purchases charged directly with a property within the Hilton portfolio, i
ncluding bookings and incidental charges. To receive the 4 additional Hilton Hon
ors Bonus Points for charges made at the time of booking, the booking must be ma
de directly through a reservation channel operated by Hilton. You can receive th
e 4 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points for incidental charges made at the hot
el (including charges made at restaurants, spas, and other establishments) if th
ose charges can be and are charged to your room and paid for with your Hilton Ho
nors American Express Card at checkout. You will receive 2 additional Hilton Hon
ors Bonus Points, for a total of 5, for each dollar of eligible purchases at the
 following categories of merchants excluding superstores and warehouse clubs: re
staurants located in the U.S., supermarkets located in the U.S. and on gasoline 
at gas stations located in the U.S. To get additional points for a restaurant pu
rchase, the purchase must be at a restaurant located in the United States. You w
ill NOT get additional points for purchases made at a restaurant owned by a U.S.
 company but located outside the U.S. (e.g. Hard Rock Café in Paris). You also w
ill NOT get additional points for purchases at nightclubs, convenience stores, g
rocery stores, or supermarkets. You may not get additional points for purchases 
at a restaurant located within another establishment (e.g. a restaurant inside a
 hotel, casino, or event venue). For example, purchases made at a restaurant loc
ated within a hotel may be recognized as a purchase at a hotel, not a restaurant
. Your Hilton Honors Points are subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions; s
ee HiltonHonors.com/Terms. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and servic
es minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or in
terest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks,
 purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents
. Hilton Honors Bonus Points you earn with your Card will be posted to your Hilt
on Honors account 6 to 8 weeks after the end of your billing period. Purchases m
ade through a third-party payment account or on an online marketplace (with mult
iple retailers) will not receive additional points. Merchants are typically assi
gned codes and categorized based on what they primarily sell. A purchase will no
t receive additional points if a merchant, or a particular merchant location, us
es a code that is not eligible for additional points. A purchase may not receive
 additional points if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wirele
ss card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet Please visit americanexp
ress.com/rewards-info for more information about rewards.Hilton Honors Program &
amp; CopyrightHilton Honors membership, earning and redemption of Points are sub
ject to Hilton Honors Terms &amp; Conditions. Excludes Hampton by Hilton Hotels 
in Mainland China. © 2018 HiltonHilton Honors and all trademarks of the Hilton P
ortfolio are owned by Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. or its subsidiaries
.Hilton Honors Upgrade to Gold StatusYou may receive an upgrade to Hilton Honors
 Gold status if the total eligible purchases on your Card Account during a calen
dar year reach $20,000 or more. A calendar year is from January 1 to December 31
 regardless of when you open your Card Account. Eligible purchases are purchases
 for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do N
OT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases
 of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of o
ther cash equivalents. This upgrade to Gold status benefit is only available to 
the Basic Card Member; however, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Membe
rs will contribute to the purchase requirement. It will take about 10-12 weeks a
fter the total eligible purchases level is reached for your Hilton Honors Gold s
tatus to become effective. Your upgrade to Hilton Honors Gold status is valid fo
r the calendar year in which it was earned and the subsequent calendar year. You
r Gold status will expire after that subsequent calendar year unless your total 
eligible purchases in that subsequent calendar year again qualifies you for Gold
 status, or if you qualify for Gold status under the Hilton Honors program terms
. For more information on Gold status benefits or how to maintain your Gold stat
us each year with qualifying stays, nights or Hilton Honors Base Points through 
the Hilton Honors Program, and for complete Terms and Conditions, visit HiltonHo
nors.com/MemberBenefits.Instant Card NumberInstant Card Number eligibility is ba
sed on our ability to instantly validate your identity. If you are eligible for 
Instant Card Number, you will receive an instant account number that you can use
 virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical card will not be
 required. You may not have access to your full credit line to use anywhere the 
Card is accepted until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will 
mail your card in 3-5 business days of account approval.No Foreign Transaction F
eesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases
 you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be cir
cumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.Pay ItPa
y ItSM is only available in the American Express Mobile app for your eligible Ac
count. With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a 
billed purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to tha
t billed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we appl
y payments.Your account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or
 Additional Card Member of a Credit Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsid
iary of American Express that is not cancelled. Prepaid Cards and products, Amer
ican Express Charge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Sm
all Business Cards and American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued 
by other financial institutions are not eligible.Plan ItPlan ItSM allows you to 
create up to 10 active payment plans for qualifying purchases of $100 or more, s
ubject to a plan fee. This fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged ea
ch month that a plan is active.You may use this feature by selecting a qualifyin
g purchase and a plan duration. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your 
American Express online account or American Express Mobile for your eligible Acc
ount. Qualifying purchases do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents,
 purchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees or any fee owed to us, including 
Annual Membership fees.Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety o
f factors such as your creditworthiness or your credit limit. You will not be ab
le to create plans if your Account is canceled. You will not be able to create p
lans if one or more of your American Express accounts is enrolled into a debt ma
nagement program, or has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is delinquent. Th
e number of active plans and plan durations offered to you will be at our discre
tion and will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, th
e purchase amount, and your Account history.Plan It is available to Credit Card 
accounts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Only the Basic
 Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Account can select a qualif
ying purchase for Plan It. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Charge C
ards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards an
d American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial in
stitutions are not eligible.Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you fo
r eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. C
overage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a max
imum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of pu
rchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items
 are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot 
be returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain p
urchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items,
 computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases mus
t be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto R
ico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Ma
rshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to
 send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shi
pping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditio
ns and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterm
s.Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch h
otline that can send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situa
tion. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, th
e Card Member will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator o
r locksmith can provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, f
lat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key 
is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available wh
en traveling within the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puer
to Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with th
e eligible vehicle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehic
les, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000
 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to
 provide you with coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weat
her or on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout s
ervice may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additio
nal important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, c
all 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.ShopRunnerShopRunner Benefit
 Terms and Conditions Enrolling in the Benefit. To get the free ShopRunner membe
rship benefit compliments of American Express (the "benefit"), you must go to ww
w.shoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify your eligibility for the benefit wit
h an eligible Card account number and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner
 membership account ("ShopRunner account"). For details on how the ShopRunner me
mbership works, please see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.sh
oprunner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use of your ShopRunner membership benefi
t. You may also be able to enroll in this benefit through access provided to Sho
pRunner at participating online stores or through an email provided by American 
Express if it has determined that you have an eligible Card. An "eligible Card" 
means an American Express U.S. Consumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card 
that is not cancelled and that is issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of 
American Express. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards a
nd American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial i
nstitutions are not eligible. ShopRunner will verify with American Express the e
ligibility of your Credit or Charge Card account number for the benefit. Maintai
ning the Benefit. To maintain this benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must 
maintain an eligible Card. The benefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner accou
nt if you do not have an eligible Card. You can maintain only one benefit per el
igible Card. During your enrollment in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Expr
ess will verify your benefit eligibility. Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Membe
rships. If you enroll in the benefit and sign up with an existing ShopRunner acc
ount, ShopRunner will cancel the term of your existing ShopRunner account. If yo
u paid a fee for any unused portion of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRun
ner will provide you with a pro rata refund for that portion in accordance with 
ShopRunner's refund policy. The refund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after 
enrollment and will be issued to the payment method you used to pay the fee. If 
a portion of the cancelled term of membership was promotional or free, the free 
period will be cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by you. If you currently ha
ve a free or promotional membership on your ShopRunner account, you should consi
der whether to enroll in the benefit at this time.General Terms. An eligible Car
d can be used to verify eligibility for only one benefit enrollment. American Ex
press may receive and use your personal data from ShopRunner, which may include 
personally identifiable information and Credit Card information, to determine el
igibility and further develop features and services related to the benefit. Amer
ican Express may send you emails regarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any 
information American Express collects from you or from ShopRunner shall be gover
ned by the American Express Online Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpres
s.com/privacy). American Express may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminat
e this benefit at any time. You can review these Terms and Conditions at any tim
e by visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.Spending LimitsWhen you req
uest that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Addition
al Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement
, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreemen
t.At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of P
urchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associate
d with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your re
quest, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access t
ransactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card number
s associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account.
 If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Me
mber will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applic
able limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (suc
h as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Pu
rchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit ma
y not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined be
low) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing p
eriod that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing 
period.Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with me
rchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat s
ome Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not bei
ng subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to wh
ether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or
 any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges
 are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchan
ts to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documen
tation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded 
when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant
 obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to 
us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the s
ame time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not l
imited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board ai
rplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle renta
ls; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail orde
r Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; t
elecommunications charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxica
b charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rent
als; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and
 Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to
 your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not 
be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheq
ues obtained other than by telephone from us.The Spending Limit for the Addition
al Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Car
d, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's acc
ount terms and conditions.The American Express Auto Purchasing Program Disclosur
eFor a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that a C
ertified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP on any in-stock vehic
le that is the same make, model, and trim as your Configured Vehicle. The Guaran
teed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is based on a vehicle without factory o
r dealer installed options and includes generally available manufacturer incenti
ves. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that 
the Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP of the vehicle w
ith the specific VIN listed and includes savings on factory-installed options. I
f you change your vehicle or the optional features, it will change your savings.
 For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.Year-End SummaryThe 
Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted
 to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.AMEX A
SSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on policy terms, go to ame
ricanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is un
derwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under P
olicy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residen
ts of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limi
ted, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to 
residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, P
alau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, con
ditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject t
o change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies.
 To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g
. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the ful
l fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Ad
ditional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Exp
ress Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for 
the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or p
oints from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be c
overed. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible be
nefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a w
ritten report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms 
and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Rental Loss and Damage Insu
ranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Comp
any, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, P
olicy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is un
derwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy
 CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Fe
derated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying 
Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the 
Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This docu
ment does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first
 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is 
not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out thei
r personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off-road vehi
cles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. Thi
s product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not 
paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision dam
age to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you, any
 passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to other
 vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CR
LDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Co
mpany, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR,
 Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is und
erwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy 
CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Fed
erated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying 
Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the 
Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This docu
ment does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the
 terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or le
ss. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's 
warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year if the origin
al manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping and hand
ling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not cove
red, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, so
ftware, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusio
ns apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Car
d; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exc
eed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required t
o send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that sh
ipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.Purc
hase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Ad
ministrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy A
X0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten
 by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB00000
0110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated St
ates of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. C
overage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies a
pplicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does 
not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purcha
se will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost by C
ard Member, consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and their pa
rts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. Y
ou will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverag
e is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member 
account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us,
 in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provid
es secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any prim
ary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.
com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten b
y AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948
, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and 
MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna,
 Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not available to residents of Americ
an Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Min
or Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclus
ions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notic
e. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you m
ust pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship,
 or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Cov
ered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member'
s American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewar
ds® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If y
ou use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another pr
ogram to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read i
mportant exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for cl
aim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that mai
ntains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.c
om/TAIterms.