Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONPayment InformationFor Credit Card
 Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors t
o consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Co
nsumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmoreFe
esAnnual Membership Fee$550Transaction Fees Foreign TransactionNonePenalty Fees 
Late PaymentUp to $38Returned PaymentUp to $38 TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the ful
l Card Member Agreement.By submitting this application, you are requesting us to
 open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified
 individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US 
Residents.You promise that the information you provide on this application is ac
curate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from c
onsumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries
 to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administra
tive purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have rec
eived a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.
 When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of
 the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreem
ent includes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have 
claims related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to parti
cipate in a class action or similar proceeding.  We may change the Card Member A
greement subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, 
legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days adv
ance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject 
a change. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Memb
ership. Additional Cards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us b
ut they can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. 
You are responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and a
nyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. Yo
u authorize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Account an
d to discuss it with them. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financia
l institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each per
son who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other 
information that will allow us to verify your identity.  Notice to Married Wisco
nsin Residents: No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agree
ment, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affe
ct a creditor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the credit
or is furnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given complete informat
ion about the agreement or decree.  Notice to California Residents: An Applicant
, if married, may apply for a separate account.Notice to Delaware Residents: Ser
vice charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outs
tanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charge
s not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding bal
ances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to 
your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio
 laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally avai
lable to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintai
n separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil righ
ts commission administers compliance with this law.The Platinum Card is issued b
y American Express National Bank. ©2018 American Express National Bank.POID CFCA
:0001OFFER TERMSWelcome bonus offer not available to applicants who have or have
 had this product.60,000 Membership Rewards® PointsTo be eligible to earn the 60
,000 Membership Rewards points, you must be enrolled in the Membership Rewards P
rogram at the time of the eligible purchases. 60,000 Membership Rewards points w
ill be credited to your account after you charge a total of $5,000 (the "Thresho
ld Amount") or more of purchases on your Platinum Card® from American Express wi
thin the first 3 months of Platinum Card Membership starting from the date your 
account is approved. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and
 any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. Eligible purchases are pu
rchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. The following el
igible purchases do NOT count towards the Threshold Amount: fees or interest cha
rges; purchases of travelers checks; purchases or reloading of prepaid cards; pu
rchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments; or purchases of other cash equ
ivalents. Points will be credited to your Membership Rewards account within 8-12
 weeks after you meet the Threshold Amount. If we in our sole discretion determi
ne that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welc
ome offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied fo
r one or more cards to obtain a welcome offer (s) that we did not intend for you
; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; o
r if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we m
ay not credit Membership Rewards points to, we may freeze Membership Rewards poi
nts credited to, or we may take away Membership Rewards points from your account
. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with
 us. Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. The value o
f Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. Your
 Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment of any
 offers. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any ti
me.You can earn 60,000 Membership Rewards points after you spend $5,000 or more 
in eligible purchases on your Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership
 starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period
 to spend $5,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving y
our Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, 
such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase da
te differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy good
s online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped).Terms and Con
ditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/t
erms for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subj
ect to change without notice.The value of Membership Rewards points varies accor
ding to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.c
om/pointsinfo.Annual FeeThe annual fee for The Platinum Card® is $550. The annua
l fee for Additional Cards is $175 for up to 3 Additional Cards. The annual fee 
for the 4th or more Additional Cards is $175 for each Card.There is no additiona
l fee for Gold CardsBENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and services are subject
 to change or cancellation.$200 Airline Fee CreditBenefit is available to Consum
er and Business Platinum Card® and Centurion® Members only. To receive statement
 credits of up to $200 per calendar year toward incidental air travel fees, Card
 Member must select one qualifying airline at www.americanexpress.com/airlinecho
ice. Qualifying airlines include Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Airli
nes, Frontier Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Spirit Airlines, Sou
thwest Airlines, and United Airlines. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized A
ccount Manager(s) on the Card Account can select the qualifying airline. Card Me
mbers who have not chosen one qualifying airline will be able to do so at any ti
me. Card Members who have already selected one qualifying airline will be able t
o change their choice one time each year in January at www.americanexpress.com/a
irlinechoice or by calling the number on the back of the Card. Card Members who 
do not change their airline selection will remain with their current airline. St
atement Credits: Incidental air travel fees must be charged to the Card Member o
n the eligible Card Account for the benefit to apply. Incidental air travel fees
 charged by both the Basic and Additional Card Members on the eligible Card Acco
unt are eligible for statement credits. However, each Card Account is eligible f
or up to a total of $200 per calendar year in statement credits across all Cards
 on the Account. Incidental air travel fees must be separate charges from airlin
e ticket charges. Fees not charged by the Card Member's airline of choice (e.g. 
wireless internet and fees incurred with airline alliance partners) do not quali
fy for statement credits. Incidental air travel fees charged prior to selection 
of a qualifying airline are not eligible for statement credits. Airline tickets,
 upgrades, mileage points purchases, mileage points transfer fees, gift cards, d
uty free purchases, and award tickets are not deemed to be incidental fees. The 
airline must submit the charge under the appropriate merchant code, industry cod
e, or required service or product identifier for the charge to be recognized as 
an incidental air travel fee. Please allow 2-4 weeks after the qualifying incide
ntal air travel fee is charged to your Card Account for statement credit(s) to b
e posted to the Account. We rely on airlines to submit the correct information o
n airline transactions, so please call the number on the back of the Card if sta
tement credits have not posted after 4 weeks from the date of purchase. Card Mem
bers remain responsible for timely payment of all charges. To be eligible for th
is benefit, Card Account(s) must be not canceled and not past due at the time of
 statement credit fulfillment. If a charge for any incidental air travel fee is 
included in a Pay Over Time feature balance on your Card Account (for example, S
ign &amp; Travel), the statement credit associated with that charge may not be a
pplied to that Pay Over Time feature balance. Instead, the statement credit may 
be applied to your Pay In Full balance. For additional information about this be
nefit, call the number on the back of your Card.5X AirYou will get one point for
 each dollar charged for an eligible purchase on your Platinum Card from America
n Express. You will get 4 additional points (for a total of 5 points) for each d
ollar spent on eligible air and hotel purchases. Eligible air purchases are purc
hases of scheduled flights made directly with a passenger airline or through Ame
rican Express Travel (via the phone by calling 1-800-525-3355 or online via amex
travel.com), minus returns and credits. Charter flights, private jet flights, fl
ights that are part of travel packages, tours, or cruises, and flights booked vi
a the phone through American Express Travel on airlines that do not accept Ameri
can Express are excluded. Eligible hotel purchases are prepaid hotel purchases o
r prepaid travel packages booked on amextravel.com with your eligible Platinum C
ard (including hotels and flight+hotel packages) and charged to the same eligibl
e Platinum Card, minus returns and credits. To modify a reservation, you must ca
ncel and rebook your reservation. You can cancel and rebook your reservation on 
amextravel.com or by calling a representative of amextravel.com at 1-800-297-297
7. Cancellations are subject to hotel cancellation policies. If hotel reservatio
ns are made or modified directly with the hotel provider, the reservation will N
OT be eligible for 5X points. Eligible air and hotel purchases do NOT include no
n-prepaid hotels, hotel group reservations or events, car rental or cruise purch
ases, ticketing service or other fees, interest charges, purchases of travelers 
checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equi
valents. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase categories or 
in connection with promotions or offers from American Express may not be combine
d with this offer. Any portion of a charge that you elect to cover through redem
ption of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to receive points. The benefi
ts associated with the Additional Card(s) you choose may be different than the b
enefits associated with your basic Card. Additional terms and restrictions apply
. Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. A purchase wil
l not qualify for additional points if the merchant's code is not eligible. Air 
or hotel purchases made through a third-party payment account or on an online tr
avel agency will not qualify for additional points. A purchase may not qualify f
or additional points if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wire
less card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet. See membershiprewards
.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and conditions or to learn t
he benefits associated with the Additional Card(s) you choose, please call the n
umber on the back of your Card. American Express Travel Related Services Company
, Inc., when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not respons
ible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware tha
t certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales t
argets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors.
 For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms Californi
a CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#6695X Membership Rewards Poin
ts on flights and prepaid hotels booked at Amextravel.comYou will get one point 
for each dollar charged for an eligible purchase on your Platinum Card® from Ame
rican Express. You will get 4 additional points (for a total of 5 points) for ea
ch dollar spent on eligible travel purchases made on amextravel.com. Eligible tr
avel purchases include the following purchases made on amextravel.com: scheduled
 flights, prepaid hotel purchases (including hotels and flight+hotel packages), 
minus returns and other credits. Eligible travel purchases do NOT include non-pr
epaid hotel bookings, car rentals and cruise, hotel group reservations or events
, ticketing service, cancellation or other fees, interest charges, purchases of 
travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other
 cash equivalents. To be eligible for the 5x Membership Rewards® points, you mus
t both reserve and charge the travel purchase with the same eligible Platinum Ca
rd®. To modify a reservation, you must cancel and rebook your reservation. You c
an cancel and rebook your reservation on amextravel.com or by calling a represen
tative of amextravel.com at 1-800-297-2977. Cancellations are subject to hotel c
ancellation policies. If hotel reservations are made or modified directly with t
he hotel provider, the reservation will not be eligible for this 5X Membership R
ewards® point benefit. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase 
categories or in connection with promotions or offers from American Express may 
not be combined with this benefit. Merchants are assigned codes based on what th
ey primarily sell. A purchase will not qualify for additional points if the merc
hant's code is not eligible. The benefits associated with the Additional Card(s)
 you choose may be different than the benefits associated with your basic Card.S
ee membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and cond
itions or to learn the benefits associated with the Additional Card(s) you choos
e, please call the number on the back of your Card. American Express Travel Rela
ted Services Company, Inc., when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppl
iers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions or such suppliers.Account 
ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Ad
dress and Social Security Number.Adding an Additional Card MemberAll Additional 
Card Members must be 15 years or older, and must never have had a defaulted acco
unt with American Express.Airspace LoungeThis benefit is available to Platinum C
ard Member must present his or her valid Card and government-issued I.D. Ticket 
not required for Airspace Lounges. In some cases, Card Member must be 21 years o
f age to enter without a parent or guardian. The Card Member's spouse and childr
en under the age of 21 or up to two companions may enter the club as complimenta
ry guests. Card Member must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. 
Card Members and his or her guests will receive all of the complimentary benefit
s and amenities afforded to the Airspace Lounge customers, as well as access to 
purchase non-complimentary items. Some product features may be subject to additi
onal charges. Airspace Lounge locations are subject to change.American Express G
lobal Lounge CollectionThese Terms and Conditions govern Platinum Card Members' 
participation in and use of the Priority Pass™ Select program. Priority Pass is 
an independent airport lounge access program. At any visit to a Priority Pass Se
lect lounge that admits guests, you may bring in two guests for no charge. You w
ill be charged $27 for any additional guests. Some lounges do not admit guests. 
By enrolling in Priority Pass Select, you agree that you will be responsible for
 any additional accompanying guest visits and that your Card will be automatical
ly charged after you have signed for the additional guest visit and it has been 
reported to Priority Pass by the participating lounge. Additionally, you acknowl
edge and agree that American Express will verify your Card account number and pr
ovide updated Card account information to Priority Pass. Priority Pass will use 
this information to fulfill on the Priority Pass Select program and may use this
 information for marketing related to the program. Once enrolled, Platinum Card 
Members whose Card account is not cancelled may access participating Priority Pa
ss Select lounges by presenting your Priority Pass Select card and airline board
ing pass. In some lounges, Priority Pass Select member must be 21 years of age t
o enter without a parent or guardian. Priority Pass Select members must adhere t
o all house rules of participating lounges. Amenities may vary among airport lou
nge locations. Conference rooms, where available, may be reserved for a nominal 
fee. Priority Pass Select lounge partners and locations are subject to change. A
ll Priority Pass Select members must adhere to the Priority Pass Conditions of U
se, which will be sent to you with your membership package, and can be viewed at
 www.prioritypass.com. Upon receipt of your enrollment information, Priority Pas
s will send your Priority Pass Select card and membership package which you shou
ld receive within 10–14 business days. If you have not received the Priority Pas
s card after 14 days, please contact American Express using the number on the ba
ck of your American Express® Card. Please note, Additional Gold Card Members are
 not eligible for membership.American Express International LoungesPlatinum Card
 Members have unlimited complimentary access to American Express Lounge location
s. Guest access policies vary by location and are subject to change. Fees may ap
ply for additional guests. To access American Express Lounges, the Platinum Card
 Member must present the agent with the following upon each visit: his or her va
lid Card and upon request, same-day airline ticket on any carrier and a governme
nt-issued I.D. Failure to present this documentation may result in access being 
denied. Platinum Card Members will not be compensated for changes in locations, 
rates or policies. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from
 a lounge for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to lounge rules, inclu
ding, but not limited to, conduct that is disruptive, abusive or violent. Access
 is subject to space availability. Amenities, services and hours of operation ma
y vary among locations and are subject to change. In some Lounges the Platinum C
ard Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent or guardia
n. Age restrictions for the service of alcohol also vary between Lounges. Americ
an Express will not be liable for any articles lost or stolen or damages suffere
d by the purchaser or visitor inside American Express Lounges. Use of American E
xpress Lounges is subject to the local rules and conditions set by American Expr
ess and the Lounge operator. American Express and the Lounge operator reserve th
e right to revise the rules at any time without notice. For details of individua
l American Express lounge access requirements please visit www.americanexpress.c
om/findalounge.American Express Preferred SeatingEligible Cards Preferred Seatin
g is available to American Express® Gold Card, Platinum Card®, Centurion® Card, 
Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card, Delta Reserve Credit Card from American Ex
press, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve for Business
 Credit Card from American Express, American Express® Corporate Gold Card, Corpo
rate Platinum Card®, Corporate Centurion Card® from American Express, and the Ex
ecutive Business Card, Business Gold Card, Business Platinum Card® and Business 
Centurion® Card from American Express OPEN, if issued by American Express Travel
 Related Services Company, Inc., an American Express bank. Tickets available thr
ough the American Express Preferred Seating program are available exclusively fo
r qualifying Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets must be purchased with 
an eligible American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Tickets are s
ubject to availability and apply to select events. Availability will vary by per
formance based on prior sales. Not all seats are available and blackout dates ap
ply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked 
at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be a
ccessible to Card Members with disabilities. Redemption Information To redeem an
 American Express Preferred Seating offer, Domestic Card Members, please proceed
 to purchase your ticket through any primary ticketing channel including online,
 mobile, phone or at an outlet or box office authorized for the event and provid
e the 10-digit Customer Service phone number located on the back of your Card wh
en prompted. International Card Members, please enter your promotional code. If 
you are a Domestic Card Member, for more information on Preferred Seating, pleas
e call 1-800-448-TIKS or visit americanexpress.com/entertainment. If you are an 
International Card Member, please call the customer service number located on th
e back of your Card. International inquiries will not be serviced on the U.S. 80
0 number listed above.American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales peri
od, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members(incl
uding Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an Americ
an Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service ch
arges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and b
lackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be cha
nged or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some eve
nts may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Amex Mobile appThe A
mex® Mobile app and app features are available only for eligible Card accounts i
n the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-Ame
rican Express issuers are not eligible.To log in, Card Members must have an Amer
ican Express user ID and password or create one in the app.Amex Mobile appiOS an
d Android only. See app store listings for operating system infoBy Invitation On
ly®Transportation and accommodation costs are additional unless otherwise stated
. The price indicated covers event costs only. All sales are final and non-refun
dable, and resale is prohibited. Payment must be made using an eligible American
 Express® Card. Details and prices are subject to change. Packages are available
 on a first-come, first-served basis. Availability is limited. Must be 21 years 
of age or older to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly.Car Ren
tal PrivilegesBenefits given to Platinum Card Members are subject to each car re
ntal company's terms and conditions, including age restrictions, and require enr
ollment to receive benefits. Platinum Card Members must be affiliated with the P
latinum Program codes. Hertz Gold Plus Rewards® is a registered trademark of Her
tz System, Inc. Minimum rental age is 25 (exceptions apply). For Hertz Gold Plus
 Rewards, upgrades are subject to fleet availability at time of rental. Standard
 rental terms and conditions apply. Payment must be made using the Platinum Card
 from American Express. Platinum Card Members are required to enroll in Avis Pre
ferred Club, Hertz Gold Plus Rewards and National Emerald Club Executive members
hips to become a member. National collects Frequent Flyer Tax Recoupment Surchar
ge to cover the federal tax on the cost of the miles awarded at the time of rent
al. Discount applies to base rate only. Taxes (including GST), other governmenta
lly authorized or imposed surcharges, license recoupment/air tax recovery and co
ncession recoupment fees, airport and airport facility fees, fuel, additional dr
iver fee, one-way rental charge, and optional items are extra. Renter must meet 
standard age, driver, and credit requirements. Advance reservation required. May
 not be combined with other discounts. Availability is limited. Subject to chang
e without notice. Blackout dates may apply. National's Emerald Club and its serv
ices require a signed Master Rental Agreement to be on file. Please note that th
e Car Rental Privileges program available to Platinum Card Members is a separate
 program from the Premium Car Rental Protection insurance product offered by Ame
rican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and underwritten by AMEX Ass
urance Company.Car Rental Privileges: National Emerald ClubThe Emerald Club and 
its services require a signed Master Rental Agreement on file. National, Nationa
l Car Rental, the "flag" and Emerald Club are trademarks of Vanguard Car Rental 
USA LLC. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. © 201
8 National Car Rental.ConciergeThere is no cost to you for services a concierge 
performs on your behalf, although you are responsible for any purchases, fees an
d/or shipping charges you authorize to be charged to your Card account. We reser
ve the right to note profile and preference data for servicing and marketing pur
poses. We are not responsible for notifying a restaurant of any food allergies w
hen suggesting or making reservations at restaurants.Cruise Privileges ProgramVa
lid for new bookings of voyages of at least five nights made with a participatin
g supplier through Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Service, any Americ
an Express Travel office, eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies, or the Ag
ency Services Desk. May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blac
kout dates, category and fare restrictions may apply. Payment must be made with 
an American Express Card in U.S. Platinum Card Member or U.S. Centurion® Member'
s name. Available for U.S. Platinum Charge Card Members and U.S. Centurion® Memb
ers only, and excludes Platinum Credit Card Members such as Platinum Delta SkyMi
les® Card Members who are not also U.S Platinum Charge Card Members or U.S. Cent
urion® Members. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Benefits listed req
uire double occupancy and are non-transferable. Program benefits may not be avai
lable to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Members receive
 $100 USD shipboard credit for inside and outside staterooms; $200 USD shipboard
 credit for balcony, verandah, and mini-suite staterooms; and $300 USD shipboard
 credit for suites on Celebrity Cruises, Norwegian Cruise Line, Holland America 
Line, Princess Cruises, and Royal Caribbean International. Card Members receive 
$300 USD shipboard credit for all Queen Mary oceanview staterooms category EF or
 higher, and Queen Victoria/ Queen Elizabeth oceanview staterooms category FA or
 higher on Cunard Line. Card Members receive $300 USD shipboard credit for all s
tateroom categories on Ama Waterways, Oceania, Regent, Azamara, Seabourn, Crysta
l, Silversea, Uniworld, and Windstar. Centurion Members receive an additional $2
00 ($500 total) USD shipboard credit on Crystal Cruises, Regent Seven Seas Cruis
es, Seabourn, and Silversea. All shipboard credits will be credited to the guest
's stateroom folio upon checkout. Shipboard credit amounts in international juri
sdictions may vary due to foreign exchange rates and timing of application. Ship
board credits are subject to cruise line policies. Credits cannot be used for ca
sino charges and gratuities. Unused portion of credit is non-refundable and is n
ot redeemable for cash. Other restrictions may apply, see onboard cashier for de
tails. Additional amenity not available on the Silversea Expedition Fleet: Silve
r Explorer, Silver Galapagos, and Silver Discoverer. The Cruise Privileges Progr
am benefits (shipboard credits and additional amenities) are not available on Ce
lebrity Cruises Galapagos Sailings. Limit one benefit package per stateroom; thr
ee-stateroom limit per Card Member, per sailing. To obtain benefits, travel agen
ts must visit americanexpress.com/asdonline. Participating providers and benefit
s subject to change. Get one (1) extra point on each dollar charged for eligible
 cruise bookings with American Express Travel or eligible Travel Associate Platf
orm agencies; separate airfare and other charges associated with booking are not
 eligible. Payment must be made with a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled Cons
umer or OPEN American Express Card in the U.S. Platinum Card or U.S. Centurion M
ember's name. The extra points will be credited to Card Member's Membership Rewa
rds account 8-12 weeks after full payment. Bonus ID: 3847Delta Private Jets 20% 
Discount on Commercial FlightsFor air transportation provided by Delta, a Card M
ember who purchases a Delta Private Jet Card is entitled to a 20% discount off p
ublished fares for select fare classes in effect when booked.Delta Sky ClubThe P
latinum Member must present his or her valid American Express Card, government-i
ssued I.D., and same-day corresponding airline ticket to club ambassador. Access
 to Delta Sky Club partnerlounges is not permitted. Individuals must be at least
 18 years of age to access Delta Sky Club, and 21 years of age to access locatio
ns with a self-service bar, unless accompanied by a responsible, supervising adu
lt who has access to the lounge. Card Members must adhere to all House Rules of 
participating clubs. Participating airport clubs and locations subject to change
 without notice. Additional guest access and fees subject to terms and condition
s of participating airport clubs.For the most current Delta Sky Club access and 
pricing policy, please visit Delta.com/skyclub. All Delta Sky Club rules apply t
o Delta Sky Club membership and use. To review the rules, please visit Delta.com
/skyclub.Destination FamilyValid for new bookings made through American Express 
Travel and eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies with participating travel
 providers: Abercrombie &amp; Kent, Royal Caribbean International, Regent Seven 
Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider. Payment must b
e made with an American Express Card. Program benefits may not be available to r
esidents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member must travel on iti
nerary booked. Limit one benefit package per booking. May not be combined with o
ther offers unless indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits are subject to c
hange. Benefits listed are non- transferable, subject to availability, and canno
t be redeemed for cash or credit. Available to all U.S. American Express Corpora
te, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are reso
lved in the Card Member's favor.Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select citie
s. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all A
merican Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Ticke
ts must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and Intern
ational Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability
. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refu
nds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discr
etion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members wit
h disabilities.Escape LoungesThis benefit is available to Platinum Cards. Card M
embers receive complimentary access to any US location of the Escape Lounges. Ca
rd Member must present his or her valid Card, a boarding pass showing a confirme
d reservation for same-day travel on any carrier and government-issued I.D. In s
ome cases, Card Member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guar
dian. Card Members may bring up to two (2) companions into Escape Lounges as com
plimentary guests. Card Member must adhere to all house rules of participating l
ounges. Card Members and his or her guests will receive all of the complimentary
 benefits and amenities afforded to the Escape Lounge customers, as well as acce
ss to purchase non-complimentary items. Some product features may be subject to 
additional charges. Escape Lounge locations are subject to change.Extra Membersh
ip Rewards® points at amextravel.com2x PointsMembership Rewards-enrolled Card Me
mbers get at least 1 Membership Rewards® point for every eligible dollar spent o
n their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card. Those same C
ard Members will also get at least 1 additional point for each dollar of eligibl
e travel purchases made on amextravel.com on their Membership Rewards program-en
rolled American Express Card. Eligible travel purchases include all travel purch
ases made with your Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card o
n amextravel.com, including air, prepaid hotels, vacation packages (flight + hot
el packages) or cruise reservations, minus returns and other credits. Platinum a
nd Business Platinum Card Members are only eligible for 1 additional point on cr
uise reservations. Eligible travel purchases do NOT include car reservations, no
n-prepaid hotels, ticketing service or other fees, or interest charges. Bonuses 
you may receive with your Card on other purchase categories or in connection wit
h promotions or offers from American Express may not be combined with this offer
, such as 5X bonuses for Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members. Any portio
n of a charge that you elect to cover through redemption of Membership Rewards p
oints is not eligible to receive points. If you have an Amex EveryDay Card produ
ct, additional points awarded under this offer will not be included in the extra
 points benefit. Additional points will be credited to the Membership Rewards ac
count 10-12 weeks after final payment is made.Fee Credit for Global Entry or TSA
 Pre✓®The benefit is available to (i) Corporate Gold Card Members, (ii) Consumer
 Platinum Card® Members, Corporate Platinum Card® Members and Business Platinum 
Card® Members, and (iii) Centurion® Card Members. The benefit is also available 
to Additional Platinum and Centurion Card Members on eligible Consumer and Busin
ess Card accounts. To receive the statement credit, Additional Platinum and Cent
urion Card Members must charge the application fee to the eligible Additional Ca
rd account. Card Members are eligible to receive statement credit every 4 years 
for the application fee for either Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® when charged to an 
eligible Card. Card Members will receive a statement credit for the first progra
m (either Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® ) to which they apply and pay for with their
 eligible Card regardless of whether they are approved for Global Entry or TSA P
re✓®. However, Card Members can receive no more than one $85 credit or $100 cred
it, depending on which program the Card Member first applies for, every 4 years 
for an application fee charged to an eligible Card. American Express has no cont
rol over the application and/or approval process for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®, 
and does not have access to any information provided to the government by the Ca
rd Member or by the government to the Card Member. American Express has no liabi
lity regarding the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® Programs. U.S. Customs and Border P
rotection (CBP) (for Global Entry) and U.S. Transportation Security Administrati
on (TSA) (for TSA Pre✓®) charge an application fee to process each respective ap
plication regardless of whether the Card Member's application is approved. Ameri
can Express will provide a statement credit for the application fee regardless o
f the decision made by CBP (for Global Entry) or TSA (for TSA Pre✓®) but will no
t provide a statement credit for subsequent application fees charged to the same
 eligible Card within 4 years, even if the original application is rejected.Memb
ership for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® is per person, and a separate application m
ust be completed for each individual.For additional information on the Global En
try or TSA Pre✓® programs, including information regarding the application and/o
r approval process and for a list of participating airlines and airports, as wel
l as the full terms and conditions of the programs, please go to www.globalentry
.gov for Global Entry and www.tsa.gov for TSA Pre✓®. The Global Entry or TSA Pre
✓® programs are subject to change, and American Express has no control over thos
e changes.The statement credit benefit applies to the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® 
programs only. Other program applications including, but not limited to, NEXUS, 
SENTRI, and Privium are not eligible for the statement credit benefit.Please all
ow up to 8 weeks after the qualifying Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® transaction is c
harged to the eligible Card account for the statement credit to be posted to the
 Card account. American Express relies on accurate transaction data to identify 
eligible Global Entry and TSA Pre✓® purchases. If you do not see a credit for a 
qualifying purchase on your eligible Card after 8 weeks, simply call the number 
on the back of your Card.Card Members are responsible for payment of all applica
tion charges until the statement credit posts to the Card account. To be eligibl
e for this benefit, Card account(s) must be active through the time of statement
 credit fulfillment.Global Entry Fee Credit Option:Global Entry is a CBP program
 that allows expedited clearance for pre-approved, low-risk international travel
ers upon arrival in the United States. Global Entry membership also includes acc
ess to the TSA Pre✓® program with no additional application or fee required. If 
a Card Member applies separately for TSA Pre✓® with the same eligible Card, the 
TSA Pre✓® application fee is not eligible for a statement credit.To receive the 
$100 Global Entry statement credit, Card Members must pay for the $100 Global En
try application fee with an eligible Card. Additional Cards on eligible Consumer
 and Business accounts are also eligible for the $100 statement credit. To recei
ve the statement credit, the Global Entry application fee must be charged on the
 eligible Additional Card. Global Entry members can opt-in to TSA Pre✓® by enter
ing their Global Entry membership number (PASS ID) in the "Known Traveler Number
" field each time a flight reservation is made on a participating airline. Alter
natively, Card Members can add their Global Entry PASS ID to their frequent flye
r profile(s) with the participating airline(s) and then ensure that their freque
nt flyer number is entered for each flight booking. If approved, membership into
 the Global Entry program is valid for 5 years and subject to the program's term
s and conditions. You must re-apply for the Global Entry program every five year
s for continuous benefits.TSA Pre✓® Fee Credit Option:TSA Pre✓® is an intelligen
ce-driven risk based program managed by TSA that allows low-risk travelers to ex
perience faster, more efficient screening at participating U.S. airport checkpoi
nts for domestic and international travel. The TSA Pre✓® application program is 
a DHS Trusted Traveler program. TSA began accepting TSA Pre✓® applications on We
dnesday, Dec. 4, 2013. Enrolling in TSA Pre✓® does not guarantee selection for e
xpedited screening each time a passenger travels.To receive the $85 TSA Pre✓® st
atement credit, Card Members must pay for the $85 TSA Pre✓® application fee with
 an eligible Card. Additional Cards on eligible Consumer and Business Card accou
nts are also eligible for the $85 statement credit. To receive the statement cre
dit, the TSA Pre✓® application fee must be charged on the eligible Additional Ca
rd. If approved, Membership into the TSA Pre✓® program is valid for 5 years and 
subject to the program's terms and conditions.FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTSValid onl
y for new FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS bookings made through Platinum Travel Servic
e, Business Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Service, americanexpress.c
om/fhr, any American Express Travel offices or the Agency Services Desk. Payment
 must be made in full with an American Express Card in the Platinum Card Member'
s or Centurion® Member's name. Available for Platinum Charge Card Members and Ce
nturion® Members only, and excludes Platinum Credit Card Members such as Platinu
m Delta SkyMiles® Card Members who are not also Platinum Charge Card Members. Ca
rd Member must travel on itinerary booked to be eligible for benefits described.
 Noon check-in and room upgrade are based on availability and are provided at ch
eck-in. Breakfast amenity varies by property, but will be, at a minimum, a conti
nental breakfast. Complimentary In-Room Wi-Fi is provided, with the exception of
 explora Patagonia where In-Room Wi-Fi is not available. In this instance, compl
imentary Wi-Fi will be provided in a common space on property. In the case where
 a Property includes cost of Wi-Fi in a mandatory resort fee, the Card Member wi
ll receive a daily credit from the Property in the standard amount that the Prop
erty charges for Wi-Fi. The credit will be issued on the Card Members final stat
ement upon check-out. Benefit restrictions vary by FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS pro
perty and cannot be redeemed for cash, and may not be combined with other offers
 unless indicated. Advance reservations are recommended for services such as spa
, dining or golf in order to take advantage of the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS spe
cial amenity during your stay. Benefits are only applied at checkout and expire 
at checkout. Limit one benefit package per room, per stay. Three room limit per 
Card Member, per stay; back-to-back stays within a 24-hour period at the same pr
operty considered one stay. Participating FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS properties a
nd benefits are subject to change.Global Dining CollectionReservations are based
 on a first-come, first-served basis. In the event of a reservation cancellation
, the Card Member will be subject to the restaurant's cancellation policy, which
 will be communicated to the Card Member by Concierge at the time of booking. Co
ncierge is not responsible for informing the restaurant of your dietary restrict
ions or for the restaurant being able to accommodate the restrictions; we do ask
 that you provide this information directly to the restaurant.Global Dining Coll
ection Events and Experiences DisclosureEvent experiences are available on a fir
st-come, first-served basis. Availability is limited.Gold Card DestinationsValid
 for new bookings of a vacation package or cruise of at least $3,000 with a part
icipating supplier made through American Express Travel or eligible Travel Repre
sentative Network agents. Not valid for online bookings. Payment must be made wi
th an American Express Card in U.S. Consumer Gold Card Member, Platinum Card Mem
ber or Centurion member's name. $100 shipboard credit or instant savings benefit
s may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Car
d Member must travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit per booking. May not
 be combined with other offers unless indicated. Benefits listed are non-transfe
rable and fare restrictions may apply. All shipboard credits will be credited to
 the guest's shipboard folio upon checkout. Shipboard credit amounts in internat
ional jurisdictions may vary due to foreign exchange rates and timing of applica
tion. Shipboard credits are subject to cruise line policies. Credits cannot be u
sed for casino charges and gratuities. Unused portion of credit is non-refundabl
e and is not redeemable for cash. Other restrictions may apply, see onboard cash
ier for details. Benefit varies by participating provider.Hilton Honors Gold Sta
tus EnrollmentAs a Platinum Card Member you are eligible to enroll in compliment
ary Hilton Honors Gold status. Offer available only to Platinum Card Members and
 is not transferable. Full details of Gold status can be found at hiltonhonors.c
om/memberbenefits and is subject to change by Hilton. Gold status benefits are s
ubject to availability at participating hotels and resorts within the Hilton Por
tfolio. Once you request enrollment in the Hilton Honors program, American Expre
ss will share your enrollment information with Hilton. Hilton may use this infor
mation in accordance with its privacy policy available at hiltonhonors.com/priva
cypolicy. If you already have Hilton Honors Gold status, you can maintain the be
nefit in the future because you do not need to meet any stay requirements. You m
aintain Gold status without meeting otherwise required criteria only while an el
igible Card Member or until American Express notifies you that the benefit is te
rminated. Hilton Honors membership, earning and redemption of Points are subject
 to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions. All Hampton by Hilton hotels in the Repu
blic of China are excluded from the Hilton Honors program. Visit hiltonhonors.co
m/terms for more details. ©2018 HiltonInCircle®To get InCircle points, you must 
enroll your Platinum Card into InCircle. Once you have enrolled into InCircle, y
ou will receive one InCircle point for each dollar of eligible purchases charged
 on your enrolled Platinum Card at Neiman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman, Last Call, H
orchow or Cusp. For every 10,000 points you receive, you'll get a $100 InCircle 
Point Card, no redeeming necessary. Points cannot be received on sales tax, ship
ping, alterations, gift packaging, fur services, repair and cleaning of shoes, h
andbags, optical, precious jewelry, monogramming, salon products &amp; services,
 and valet parking.To be eligible to receive Membership Rewards® points, you mus
t be enrolled in the Membership Rewards® program at the time of purchase and you
 must charge your purchases to an eligible, enrolled American Express Card.For m
ore information or to enroll into InCircle, call the number on the back of your 
Platinum Card.Instant Card NumberInstant Card Number eligibility is based on our
 ability to instantly validate your identity. If you are eligible for Instant Ca
rd Number, you will receive an instant account number that you can use virtually
 anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical card will not be required.
 You may not have access to your full credit line to use anywhere the Card is ac
cepted until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your 
card in 3-5 business days of account approval.International Airline ProgramThe d
iscount applies to the base airfare of the ticket/s. All ticket/s are subject to
 government imposed taxes/fees and airline-imposed fuel/security surcharges/mand
atory non-refundable fees. All ticket/s purchased through the program will have 
all valid fare rules and restrictions apply. Tickets will only be refundable if 
the ticket purchased is in a refundable fare class. Non-refundable American Expr
ess service fee of $39 (per ticket) applies to each ticket purchased through the
 program and itinerary change; this ticketing fee is waived for U.S. Centurion® 
Members. Airlines reserve right to modify fare rules/program participation prior
 to booking. Tickets are non-transferable or endorsable. To receive discount, th
e purchase of the qualifying First, Business, or Premium Economy Class ticket/s 
on a participating airline must be made over the phone through American Express 
Travel ( Platinum Travel Service, Business Platinum Travel, or Centurion Travel 
Service) and paid in full with an American Express Card in the U.S. Platinum Car
d Member's or U.S. Centurion® Member's name. Available for U.S. Platinum Charge 
Card Members and U.S. Centurion® Members only, and excludes Platinum Credit Card
 Members such as Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Card Members who are not also U.S. Pla
tinum Charge Card Members or U.S. Centurion® Members. Travel must originate in a
nd return to U.S. gateway (may exclude certain overseas territories) and select 
Canadian gateways. One-way travel permitted on some airlines where routing origi
nates in U.S. or select Canadian Gateways. Available service classes in First, B
usiness or Premium Economy are subject to airline availability. Card Member and 
up to seven additional First, Business or Premium Economy Class passengers must 
travel on same air itinerary. Not combinable with any other promotion and may no
t be available on all participating airline's code-share partners, i.e., flights
 marketed by the ticketing airline but operated by its code-share partner. Parti
cipating airlines and benefits are subject to change. Limited time airline flash
 sales and private sale fare offers are excluded.American Express Travel Related
 Services Company, Inc., when acting solely as a sales agent for travel supplier
s, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want yo
u to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for
 reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our t
ravel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/trav
elterms.California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.Lowest H
otel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.co
m and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same n
umber of children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we
'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, 
before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guaranteed" policy applies only to
 online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discount
s that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, c
orporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and seni
or citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination 
with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contes
ts or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not
 allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (
3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may incl
ude additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, and (4) rates
 booked through the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS program. DetailsMembership Rewards
® Pay With PointsTo use Pay with Points, you must charge your eligible purchase 
through American Express Travel or through a Pay with Points authorized travel a
gency to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Card. Eligible
 purchases through American Express Travel or through a Pay with Points authoriz
ed Travel agency exclude car reservations and non-prepaid hotels. Points will be
 debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corresponding doll
ar amount will be issued to the American Express Card account used. If points re
deemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price will remain on 
the American Express Card account. Minimum redemption 5,000 points.See membershi
prewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and conditions.If a 
charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time feature balance on your Lin
ked Account (for example, the Extended Payment Option), the statement credit ass
ociated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time feature balanc
e. Instead the statement credit may be applied to your Pay in Full balance. If y
ou believe this has occurred, please contact us by calling the number on the bac
k of your Card.Membership Rewards® ProgramTerms and Conditions for the Membershi
p Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms or call 1-800-AXP-EA
RN (297-3276) for more information. Participating partners and available rewards
 are subject to change without notice. Eligible purchases are purchases for good
s and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT includ
e fees or interest charges, purchases of travelers checks, purchase or reloading
 of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and 
restrictions apply. The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to h
ow you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/points
info.Membership Rewards® Program - Transfer Points (Domestic Airlines)Enrollment
 in a participating Frequent Flyer program is required. Airline tickets are subj
ect to availability. For each conversion of points into the Frequent Flyer progr
am of a U.S. airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee of $99, wil
l be charged to your Card account. We charge this fee to offset the federal exci
se tax we must pay on such conversions. The fee may be more or less than the act
ual amount of the excise tax we pay on any individual conversion. We may offer y
ou the option to redeem points to cover this fee.No Foreign Transaction FeesAmer
ican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you ma
ke outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstan
ces where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.No Interest Cha
rgesIf you become eligible, you may be given the option to extend payment over t
ime on certain charges using our Pay Over Time feature(s). If you use these feat
ures, you may accrue interest on any charges you choose to pay over time.No Pres
et Spending LimitNo preset spending limit does not mean unlimited spending. Purc
hasing power adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit rec
ord and financial resources known to us, and other factors.Platinum Destinations
® VacationsValid only for new bookings of vacation packages made with a particip
ating vacation supplier through Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Servic
e, any American Express Travel office or the Agency Services Desk. May not be co
mbined with other offers unless indicated. Payment must be made in full with a M
embership Rewards® program-enrolled Consumer or OPEN American Express Card in th
e U.S. Platinum Card Member's or U.S. Centurion® Member's name. Available for U.
S. Platinum Charge Card Members and U.S. Centurion® Members only, and excludes P
latinum Credit Card Members such as Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Card Members who ar
e not also U.S Platinum Charge Card Members or U.S. Centurion® Members. Program 
benefits may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United Stat
es. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked to receive the extra Membership 
Rewards points. If booking through a travel agency, travel agent must visit amer
icanexpress.com/asdonline to obtain extra points for the Card Member. Participat
ing vacation suppliers and benefits subject to change. Get one (1) extra point p
er eligible dollar of spend on vacation packages, after you pay in full for the 
package; separate airfare and other charges associated with booking are not elig
ible. Extra points will be credited to Card Member's Membership Rewards account 
within 8-12 weeks after full payment by Card Member of the qualifying vacation p
ackage. See membershiprewards.com/terms for Membership Rewards program terms and
 conditions. Bonus ID: A8N5.Premium AccessTransportation and accommodation costs
 are additional unless otherwise stated. The price indicated covers event costs 
only. Tax and gratuity extra. All sales are final and non-refundable, and resale
 is prohibited. Payment must be made using an eligible American Express® Card. D
etails and prices are subject to change. Packages are available on a first-come,
 first-served basis. Availability is limited. Must be 21 years of age or older t
o consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. Participating merchants
 and available rewards are subject to change without notice.Premium Global Assis
t® HotlineWhile Premium Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance servi
ces are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members may 
be responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. Premium G
lobal Assist Hotline may provide emergency medical transportation assistance at 
no cost if approved and coordinated by Premium Global Assist Hotline. For full T
erms and Conditions call 1-800-345-AMEX or see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Premi
um Private Jet ProgramPremium Private Jet Program: On-Demand Charters/Membership
 Program: Valid for new bookings made by calling American Express Travel and ful
filled by Delta Private Jets, Inc. (see "Delta Private Jets", below). Payment mu
st be made with a U.S. American Express Card issued in the Platinum Card Member 
or Centurion Member's name. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. May not
 be combined with other offers. Benefits listed are non-transferable and are not
 redeemable for cash. Participating provider and benefits subject to change. Del
ta Private Jets: Flights are operated by Delta Private Jets, Inc., an FAA-certif
icated Part 135 air carrier, or by another FAA-certificated Part 135 or Part 121
 air carrier in Delta Private Jets' network of affiliated operators. All charter
 flights are subject to Delta Private Jets' charter terms and conditions, which 
must be executed at the time of booking. All Delta Private Jets Jet Card purchas
es are subject to the Jet Card Agreement, which must be executed at the time of 
funding. The 20% discount on Delta scheduled flights (applicable to published fa
res excluding taxes and fees) is limited to select fare classes on Delta-markete
d and operated flights and requires booking through a Delta Private Jets Jet Car
d account representative; full terms are provided in the Jet Card Agreement. Ame
rican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries
 and affiliate (such entities together referred to as "Amex") do not possess DOT
 or FAA authority to engage in air transportation. American Express is not respo
nsible for the acts or omissions of its service providers, and by participating 
you waive any implied warranties and disclaim reliance on any representations ma
de by American Express regarding service provider's qualifications, certificatio
ns, or fitness to conduct flights.Premium Roadside AssistancePremium Roadside As
sistance provides the following services at no additional cost up to 4 times per
 calendar year when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle: towing up 
to 10 miles, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a work
able spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallo
ns of fuel. Card Member will be charged for the costs of towing in excess of 10 
miles and any other additional services. Coverage is available in the 50 United 
States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Island
s. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles,
 taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicl
e weight. Other important exclusions apply. In case of inclement weather, we may
 be unable to provide you with services. Services may not be available or may be
 at the cost of the Card Member on roadways which restrict access to certain ser
vice providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder
 keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For ful
l Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.Pre
mium Uber BenefitOnly Basic Card Members on a Platinum card account are eligible
 for Uber VIP and monthly ride Credits. To receive this benefit, you must have d
ownloaded the Uber App version 3.219 or later for iOS or version 3.126 or later 
for Android and your eligible Platinum card must be a method of payment in your 
Uber account. If you are assigned a new Card number, you must update your method
 of payment in your Uber account. Cards added to your Uber account through a thi
rd party such as Apple Pay or PayPal will not be eligible. A Platinum card accou
nt may receive this benefit on one Uber account. If the same Card is added to mu
ltiple Uber accounts, only the first Uber account to which the Card is added wil
l receive the benefit. Uber VIP is available in select cities and is governed by
 Uber's terms and conditions. Credit may be applied to all Uber car types and Ub
erEATS orders. To redeem monthly ride Credits, you must select to use the Credit
 in your Uber app prior to completing the Uber ride or placing the UberEATS orde
r. The discount will not apply to previous Uber transactions and cannot be used 
when paying with an UberFAMILY profile. New and existing Uber users are eligible
. Uber will apply discount at the point of sale. There is no limit to the number
 of transactions you may apply the Credit to each month, up to a total of $15 in
 Credits per month. Each year in December, you may apply up to $35 in Credit. Th
e discounted cost of a ride will be displayed on your post-ride email receipt. I
f you are eligible to receive additional Membership Rewards points on your ride 
transaction, points will be awarded on the balance after Credits are applied. Cr
edit may only be applied within the United States. Monthly ride Credit expires a
t 11:59 PM Hawaii Standard Time on the last day of each month. Unused Credit wil
l not carry over to the following month. Credit will be applied for the month in
 which the transaction is completed. If transaction is eligible for another prom
otion that you have added to your Uber account, the promotion will be applied be
fore the Credit. Certain Uber-branded credits may be applied to your balance pri
or to this Credit. For purposes of fulfilling upon this benefit, American Expres
s will share with Uber certain information about your card, including the card t
ype, and updated Card information from time to time. If you do not wish to parti
cipate in this program, please call the number on the back of your CardReturn Pr
otectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entire
ly on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from pu
rchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member accoun
t per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs f
or the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the orig
inal purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from whic
h they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund,
 e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Othe
r important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of 
America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, America
n Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and North
ern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in wh
ich case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subj
ect to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and
 Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.Seller of TravelAmerican Express Tr
avel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for trav
el suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers.
 We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other inc
entives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentiv
es to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpre
ss.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#6
69.Shop Small® MapOnly qualifying American Express Card accepting small merchant
s will be featured on the map. Please note that business location and other info
rmation provided on the map may contain inaccuracies or errors, including as a r
esult of information provided by third parties. The data on this map is constant
ly being updated, please continually check back for updates.Shop with Membership
 Rewards PointsWelcome. If you use points for products through membershiprewards
.com, you accept these Conditions of Use. Please read them carefully.When using 
points for products through membershiprewards.com you are purchasing directly fr
om a merchant, not from American Express. Participating merchants determine (i) 
product prices and availability, (ii) offers, promotions and applicable restrict
ions, (iii) estimated shipping and (iv) estimated tax, all of which are subject 
to change and are only confirmed in the order confirmation email sent by the mer
chant.USE OF THIS SITEYou agree to use this site for lawful purposes only. Ameri
can Express reserves the right to interrupt or restrict your access to this site
, without notice to you, if we suspect fraudulent or abusive activity. American 
Express uses commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the security of this si
te; however, you acknowledge and agree that there is no guarantee of absolute se
curity of information that is communicated over the Internet.USE OF MEMBERSHIP R
EWARDS POINTSFor accounts that qualify, Membership Rewards points will be deduct
ed for the purchase amount displayed at checkout; such amount includes estimated
 tax and estimated shipping/handling charges. A debit for the purchase, includin
g actual tax and actual shipping/handling charges, will be issued by the partici
pating merchant and a credit for the purchase amount displayed at checkout, will
 be issued to the Card account selected during checkout. Please note: The debit 
and the credit may not appear on the same statement. If a charge for a purchase 
is included in a Pay Over Time feature balance on your Card account (for example
, the Extended Payment Option), the statement credit associated with that charge
 may not be applied to that Pay Over Time feature balance. Instead the statement
 credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. If you believe this has occu
rred, please contact us by calling the number on the back of your Card.Permitted
 returns of merchandise may result in a credit on your Card account. You can con
vert this credit back into points by calling Membership Rewards.The following Me
mbership Rewards enrollees are not eligible to use points to purchase products t
hrough membershiprewards.com: • Membership Rewards enrollees with any Card accou
nt that is past due, canceled, or has a return payment outstanding.REJECTED ORDE
RSIf we are unable to place your order with the participating merchant you have 
selected, your order will be cancelled. If this occurs, you will receive an emai
l notifying you of the order cancelation. If you have an active Membership Rewar
ds program account, the points associated with the cancelled order will be retur
ned to your program account. As a result, the Card account you selected at check
out will have both a statement credit and a reversal of that statement credit fo
r the dollar amount associated with the points you redeemed for the cancelled or
der. If you have an inactive program account, the points you redeemed for the ca
ncelled order will not be returned to your program account and you will have a s
tatement credit for the dollar amount associated with the points you redeemed fo
r the cancelled order on the Card account you selected at checkout.PRODUCT DESCR
IPTIONSYou acknowledge that participating merchants provide their own product de
scriptions. American Express does not warrant that such product descriptions of 
the site are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.CONFIRMING PRI
CESThe price for the items in your Shopping Cart reflects the most recent price 
provided to American Express by the merchant. Please note that this price may di
ffer from the price shown for the item when you first placed it in your cart. If
 during order placement with the merchant, an item's price is higher than the pr
ice indicated at checkout on the site we will cancel your order and notify you o
f such cancellation. However, if the shipping or tax charges are higher than the
 estimates indicated on the site, we will proceed with and place your orderSHIPP
INGShipping fees, policies and limitations are determined by the merchant, and s
hipping fees are only confirmed in the order confirmation email sent by the merc
hant. Please note, only a selection of merchants ship to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto 
Rico and the US Virgin Islands, For each participating merchant's full shipping 
details visit the Store Details and Policies pageWEB SITE RULES AND REGULATIONSA
ll rules, regulations and disclaimers set forth in the American Express Web Site
 Rules and Regulations apply to your use of this site, and are incorporated by r
eference into these Conditions of Use. Please carefully review the Web Site Rule
s and Regulations.ShopRunnerShopRunner Benefit Terms and Conditions Enrolling in
 the Benefit. To get the free ShopRunner membership benefit compliments of Ameri
can Express (the "benefit"), you must go to www.shoprunner.com/americanexpress a
nd verify your eligibility for the benefit with an eligible Card account number 
and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner membership account ("ShopRunner a
ccount"). For details on how the ShopRunner membership works, please see the Sho
pRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/ which gover
n the use of your ShopRunner membership benefit. You may also be able to enroll 
in this benefit through access provided to ShopRunner at participating online st
ores or through an email provided by American Express if it has determined that 
you have an eligible Card. An "eligible Card" means an American Express U.S. Con
sumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card that is not cancelled and that is 
issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Prepaid Cards an
d products, American Express Corporate Cards and American Express-branded Cards 
or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible. Shop
Runner will verify with American Express the eligibility of your Credit or Charg
e Card account number for the benefit. Maintaining the Benefit. To maintain this
 benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must maintain an eligible Card. The ben
efit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner account if you do not have an eligible 
Card. You can maintain only one benefit per eligible Card. During your enrollmen
t in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Express will verify your benefit eligi
bility. Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Memberships. If you enroll in the benef
it and sign up with an existing ShopRunner account, ShopRunner will cancel the t
erm of your existing ShopRunner account. If you paid a fee for any unused portio
n of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRunner will provide you with a pro ra
ta refund for that portion in accordance with ShopRunner's refund policy. The re
fund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after enrollment and will be issued to t
he payment method you used to pay the fee. If a portion of the cancelled term of
 membership was promotional or free, the free period will be cancelled by ShopRu
nner and forfeited by you. If you currently have a free or promotional membershi
p on your ShopRunner account, you should consider whether to enroll in the benef
it at this time.General Terms. An eligible Card can be used to verify eligibilit
y for only one benefit enrollment. American Express may receive and use your per
sonal data from ShopRunner, which may include personally identifiable informatio
n and Credit Card information, to determine eligibility and further develop feat
ures and services related to the benefit. American Express may send you emails r
egarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any information American Express colle
cts from you or from ShopRunner shall be governed by the American Express Online
 Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpress.com/privacy). American Express m
ay change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminate this benefit at any time. You ca
n review these Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting https://www.shoprunn
er.com/terms/amex/.SkyMiles ProgramAll SkyMiles® program rules apply to SkyMiles
 program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption and travel ben
efits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Taxes and fees f
or Award Travel are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the 
time the ticket is booked. Award Travel seats are limited and may not be availab
le on all flights or in all markets. Partners airline benefits subject to change
 and subject to the terms and conditions of each partner. All Delta Sky Club rul
es apply to Delta Sky Club use. To review the rules visit Delta.com/skyclub. Off
er, rules and benefits subject to change.Spending LimitsWhen you request that we
 apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Additional Card Memb
er on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement, and are in
corporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreement.At your re
quest, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of Purchases, du
ring each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associated with one o
r more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your request, we ma
y agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access transactions 
at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card numbers associated
 with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. If we agree
 to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Member will be
 able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applicable limit. 
In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (such as for ret
urned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Purchase made 
by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit may not be eff
ective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined below) incurre
d by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing period that w
e apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing period.Becau
se of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with merchants, or 
for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat some Purchase
s and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not being subject t
o any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Ch
arges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other p
erson when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurre
d and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchants to obtain
 an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documentation for p
ayment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded when a merch
ant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant obtains an 
authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to us for payme
nt; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the same time tha
t the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not limited to: C
harges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or c
ruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging 
stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail order Purchases;
 Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunica
tions charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxicab charges; s
ecurity deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rentals; Purchas
es billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and Charges tha
t occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to your Accoun
t after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not be applied t
o Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained
 other than by telephone from us.The Spending Limit for the Additional Card Memb
er(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Card, spending 
capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's account terms a
nd conditions.Starwood Preferred Guest GoldAs a Platinum Card® Member or Busines
s Platinum Card® Member you are eligible to enroll in complimentary Starwood Pre
ferred Guest® (SPG ®) Gold Preferred Guest status. Once you request enrollment w
ithin the Starwood Preferred Guest Program at Gold level, American Express will 
share your enrollment information with Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide, 
Inc. ("Starwood"). Starwood may use this information in accordance with its priv
acy statement available at spg.com/privacy. You will maintain Gold Preferred Gue
st status without meeting otherwise required SPG Program criteria as long as you
 remain an eligible American Express Card Member or until American Express notif
ies you that the benefit is terminated. SPG member benefits are subject to chang
e, availability and certain eligibility requirements. Reservations booked throug
h third parties and online booking sources are not eligible. For complete SPG Pr
ogram terms visit www.spg.com/terms. SPG program amenities may be combined with 
the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS program. Upgrades are based upon availability and 
will vary by property.The American Express Auto Purchasing Program DisclosureFor
 a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that a Certi
fied Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP on any in-stock vehicle t
hat is the same make, model, and trim as your Configured Vehicle. The Guaranteed
 Savings for your Configured Vehicle is based on a vehicle without factory or de
aler installed options and includes generally available manufacturer incentives.
 For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that the 
Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP of the vehicle with 
the specific VIN listed and includes savings on factory-installed options. If yo
u change your vehicle or the optional features, it will change your savings. For
 full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.The Boingo American Expr
ess Preferred PlanComplimentary access to Boingo Wi-Fi is being provided as a be
nefit to Card Members with eligible Cards. In order to access the benefit, Card 
Members with eligible Cards must first be authenticated and create a Boingo Amer
ican Express Preferred Plan (or, the “AXP Plan”) account. Internet access may be
 required in order to be authenticated and create an account. For questions on e
ligibility, call the number on the back of your Card.If you submit your American
 Express Card number to Boingo to verify that your Card is eligible for this ben
efit, Boingo will send your Card number to American Express. Upon receipt of you
r Card number from Boingo, American Express will provide confirmation of your Ca
rd's eligibility for the American Express Preferred Plan to Boingo. Boingo will 
not store or use your Card number for any other purpose. Boingo's use of this in
formation is subject to its privacy policy.If you have an existing paid Boingo s
ubscription plan, your existing plan will not be automatically cancelled when yo
u enroll in the AXP Plan. If you would like to cancel any existing paid subscrip
tion plan, call Boingo's dedicated AXP Plan line.The AXP Plan only provides acce
ss to land-based Wi-Fi services and does not include in-flight Wi-Fi. Available 
hotspots in Boingo's network, including those managed and operated by Boingo and
 its partners (“Boingo's Network”) are subject to change at any time. Visit http
://wifi.boingo.com to locate hotspots.Your use of Boingo's Wi-Fi services is sub
ject to Boingo's End User License Agreement and Customer Agreement and other app
licable terms and conditions, including Boingo's privacy and security policies, 
available at www.boingo.com. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth 
in Boingo's terms and conditions, American Express Card Members with eligible Ca
rds (i) will not be charged for enrollment in the AXP Plan, and (ii) will be per
mitted to connect no more than four devices to Boingo's Network per month. Simul
taneous use of devices with a single account is limited to a hotspot.By subscrib
ing for this benefit, you acknowledge that American Express is not responsible f
or and does not guarantee the quality, security, coverage or availability of Boi
ngo's Network or the free Wi-Fi hotspots accessed through the Wi-Finder App. You
 agree that use of Wi-Fi accessed through Boingo is at your own risk.Use of the 
AXP Plan is limited to authorized Card Members only.This benefit is non-transfer
able, it is your responsibility to ensure that no one else has access to your ac
count details. Your account may be terminated for breach of any terms or conditi
ons or for abuse of your AXP Plan account.From time to time, Boingo may request 
that you re-authenticate your Boingo American Express Preferred Plan account in 
order to confirm that you are still a Card Member with an eligible Card. You can
 receive alerts and connect seamlessly to Boingo by downloading the Wi-Finder Ap
p to your laptop, tablet and mobile devices. This benefit is subject to change o
r cancellation without notice.The Centurion LoungePlatinum Card Members have unl
imited complimentary access to all locations of The Centurion Lounge. Gold Card 
and Green Card Additional Cards on your Platinum Card account are not eligible f
or complimentary access. Card Members may bring up to two (2) companions into Th
e Centurion Lounge. To access The Centurion Lounge, the Card Member must present
 The Centurion Lounge agent with the following upon each visit: his or her valid
 Card, a boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for same-day travel on an
y carrier and a government-issued I.D. Failure to present this documentation may
 result in access being denied. Card Members will not be compensated for changes
 in locations, rates or policies. A Card Member must be at least 18 years of age
 to enter without a parent or legal guardian. For locations with a self-service 
bar, the Card Member must be of legal drinking age in the location's jurisdictio
n to enter without a parent or legal guardian. Must be of legal drinking age to 
consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. American Express reserves
 the right to remove any person from the Lounge for inappropriate behavior or fa
ilure to adhere to rules, including, but not limited to, conduct that is disrupt
ive, abusive or violent. Access is subject to space availability. Hours may vary
 by location and are subject to change. Amenities vary among The Centurion Loung
e locations and are subject to change. Services and amenities in the Lounge are 
complimentary, however you are responsible for any purchases and/or servicing ch
arges you authorize our Member Services Professionals to perform on your behalf.
 Some American Express Cards are not eligible for all services provided by Membe
r Services Desk. American Express will not be liable for any articles lost or st
olen or damages suffered by the purchaser or visitor inside The Centurion Lounge
. Use of The Centurion Lounge is subject to all rules and conditions set by Amer
ican Express. American Express reserves the right to revise the rules at any tim
e without notice. ©2018 American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. A
ll rights reservedThe Hotel CollectionThe Hotel Collection: Valid for new bookin
gs with participating providers of at least two consecutive nights made through 
Platinum Travel Service, Business Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Serv
ice,amextravel.com or any American Express Travel location. Available only for t
he following U.S. American Express Card Members: Consumer and Business Gold Card
 Members, and Business Gold Rewards Card Members, Consumer and Business Platinum
 Card ® Members and Consumer and Business Centurion® Members ("Eligible Card Mem
bers"). The term "Eligible Card Members" does not include Gold and Platinum Cred
it Card Members such as Gold Delta SkyMiles® Card Members. Payment must be made 
in full with an American Express Card in the Eligible Card Member's name. Eligib
le Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Eligible Card Member will receiv
e hotel credit upon checkout equal to $1 for each eligible dollar spent, up to $
75, which amount will be credited upon check-out based on qualifying charges mad
e by the Eligible Card Member excluding charges for taxes, gratuities, fees and 
cost of room. Additional exclusions based on specific hotel restrictions may als
o apply (including without limitation purchases within the hotel that are unaffi
liated and/or owned by third parties) - see applicable hotel front desk for deta
ils. Credit cannot be carried over to another stay, is not redeemable for cash a
nd expires at check-out. Credit is non-exchangeable and non-refundable and is ap
plied in USD or equivalent in local currency based on exchange rate on day of ar
rival. May not be combined with other offers or programs unless indicated. Limit
 one credit per room, per stay. Room upgrade is based on availability and eligib
ility at check-in. Three-room limit per Eligible Card Member per stay; back-to-b
ack stays within a 24-hour period at the same property are considered one stay. 
Hotel nightly rates vary by property, dates, room category and occupancy. Partic
ipating providers and benefits are subject to change. For bookings made on amext
ravel.com, eligible Card Members receive Double Points on each The Hotel Collect
ion booking or can use Pay with Points.Using Points for ChargesUsing Points for 
Your Charges is only available to Basic Consumer and OPEN Card Members enrolled 
in the U.S. Membership Rewards® program. Additional Card Members, Authorized Add
itional Card Members, and Corporate Card Members are not eligible. Account manag
ers and Rewards managers may be eligible to use points by calling the number on 
the back of your Card but are not eligible to use points online. All Linked Card
 Accounts must not be canceled, past due or have a returned payment outstanding.
 A minimum of 1,000 Membership Rewards points in your program Account is require
d and you may use Membership Rewards points only toward the entire amount of an 
eligible charge. American Express will present the eligible charges you can use 
points towards, and we may change which charges are eligible at any time without
 notice. American Express is under no obligation to make charges available for r
edemption using Membership Rewards points. For each transaction, points will be 
debited immediately from your Membership Rewards program Account and a credit wi
ll be issued to your Linked Card Account for the corresponding dollar amount wit
hin 48 hours. Credits processed after the Card Account's statement closing date 
will appear in the following billing period. You are responsible for payment of 
the amount due on your Card Account by the due date even after using this featur
e. To learn about this feature and redeem points online, visit membershiprewards
.com/yourcharges.Year-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically availabl
e in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through D
ecember 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important i
nformation on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insur
ance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Admin
istrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX04
00-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten b
y Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB0000001
07. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated Stat
es of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Cov
erage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies app
licable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does no
t supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire far
e for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eli
gible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common 
Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Car
d or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American
 Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of
 payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all o
r part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary cov
erage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance th
at you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed wit
h the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIP
terms.Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance i
s underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ und
er Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For r
esidents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insuranc
e Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not availab
le to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Isla
nds, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the term
s, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is sub
ject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Pol
icies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rente
d from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies th
at allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not co
ver some vehicles, e.g. off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as descr
ibed in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This
 means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have
. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cove
r such things as damages to other vehicles or property, or injury to other perso
ns. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended W
arrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrati
ve Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, 
or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio 
Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This
 benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Mi
cronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage i
s determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable
 to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not suppl
ement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the origi
nal manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the le
ngth of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less th
an one year, and we provide one additional year if the original manufacturer's w
arranty is between one year and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the 
purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items wit
h physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized d
evices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will 
only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limi
ted up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per
 Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchase
d item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For fu
ll Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurc
hase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office
, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy
 PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pa
cific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit 
is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia,
 Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determin
ed by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your C
ard and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or r
eplace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refu
nded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. consumable and perishable items, a
nd motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. O
ther important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount char
ged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $10,000 per occurrence; not
 to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be require
d to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that
 shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eli
gible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms a
nd Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel A
ccident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Offi
ce, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Polic
y TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine 
Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is n
ot available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Mar
shall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined b
y the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card 
and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or repla
ce the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Commo
n Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare
 means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use yo
ur Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination wit
h American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Point
s program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent fl
yer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you
 will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For res
idents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good sta
nding on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms an
d Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.