PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO READ IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT RATES, FEES, AND OTHER CO
ST INFORMATION BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION.Important information regardin
g rates, fees, and other cost informationINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGESAnnu
al Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases14.74% (Prime Rate + 9.99%), 16.74% (Prime
 Rate + 11.99%) or 19.74% (Prime Rate + 14.99%), based on your creditworthiness 
as determined at the time of account opening. This APR will vary with the market
 based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74% (Prime Rate + 21.99%)This A
PR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When It App
lies28.74% (Prime Rate + 23.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the 
Prime Rate.This APR will apply to your account if:1) You make 2 or more late pay
ments in a 12-month period;2) You do not pay the Minimum Payment due by the clos
ing date of the billing period in which it is due; or3) You make a payment that 
is returned.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, 
it will apply for a minimum of 12 billing periods in a row, and will continue to
 apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments for 
12 billing periods in a row.Paying InterestYour due date is at least 25 days aft
er the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchase
s if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We will begin charg
ing interest on cash advances on the transaction date.FeesAnnual Membership Fee$
0Transaction Fees Cash AdvanceEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance
, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction2.7% of each transaction after convers
ion to US dollars.Penalty Fees Late PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneReturned Paymen
t$38How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily ba
lance (including new purchases.)"Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Intro
ductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Pay
ment Due within 60 days after its Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR wil
l not exceed 29.99%.Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime
 Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing pe
riod. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it 
does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If 
the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay
 more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate change
s, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the
 billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 3/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITION
S View the full Card Member Agreement. By submitting this application, you, as a
n individual and the Authorizing Officer of the Company, (a) are requesting us t
o open an Account in the name of the Company, (b) are requesting that we issue C
ard(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be jointly and severally liable with t
he Company for all charges to the account, and (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CAR
D(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES
. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be approved for a Card Account. This
 offer is available to US Residents. When you use the Account (or sign or keep t
he Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provi
ded to you for the Account. The Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration pr
ovision, which impacts the opportunity to have claims related to the Account hea
rd in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or simil
ar proceeding. We may change the terms of, or add new terms to, the Card Member 
Agreement at any time, subject to applicable law. We may apply any changed or ne
w terms to any existing and future balances on your Account, subject to applicab
le law.    You promise that the information you provide on this application is a
ccurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from 
consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiarie
s to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administr
ative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have re
ceived a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it
. Additional Cards: You must notify Additional Card Members that we may obtain, 
provide, and use information about them and that their use of your Account is su
bject to certain provisions of the Card Member Agreement. The maximum number of 
Additional Cards issued on each Account is 99. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law r
equires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that
 identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date
 of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.   Ne
w York Residents: New York Residents may contact the New York state Department o
f Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on c
omparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York Department of Fi
nancial Services: 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govCash advance at ATMs: We may i
ssue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances a
t participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting u
s. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.Notice to Delaware Residents: S
ervice charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the ou
tstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service char
ges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding b
alances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up t
o your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Oh
io laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally av
ailable to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maint
ain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil ri
ghts commission administers compliance with this law. Lowe's Business Rewards Ca
rd from American Express is issued by an American Express bank. ©2018 American E
xpress. All rights reserved.Lowe's® and the gable design are registered trademar
ks of LF, LLC. All rights reserved.POID CG6P:0001BENEFIT TERMSThe following bene
fits and services are subject to change or cancellation.Account ManagerAccount M
anagers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social
 Security Number.American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, t
ickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (includin
g Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American E
xpress Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charge
s apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and black
out dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed
 or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events 
may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Connect to QuickBooksCon
nect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online and is available for use with Bu
siness Cards from American Express OPEN. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © In
tuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB l
ogo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes a
re resolved in the Card Member's favor.Employee Card Spending LimitsEmployee Car
d Spending Limits may be set up online or by calling the number on the back of y
our Card. The Spending Limit is not a guarantee that the Employee Card Member wi
ll be able to make purchases up to that limit. There are certain purchases where
 the limit does not apply, such as, for example, restaurant tips and hotel stays
 extended beyond their original reservation period, and the overall Account capa
city is taken into consideration. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to
 whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you
 or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Char
ges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. For more information on the app
lication of the limit, please refer to the Employee Card Spending Limits Terms a
nd Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, which will also be p
rovided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this feature.Entertainment Access®Of
fer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are avail
able exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and In
ternational Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (inc
luding Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer i
s subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply.
 All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at a
ny time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be acces
sible to Card Members with disabilities.FX International Payments - SecureFX Int
ernational Payments incorporates encryption, both for stored data (such as accou
nt information) and for payments created and transmitted in real-time. The FX In
ternational Payments platform is deployed within American Express' state of the 
art data center that features advanced online and offline security and monitorin
g against internet attacks. FX International Payments implements American Expres
s standards relating to information integrity, transaction security and informat
ion security.FX International Payments Live Exchange Rates disclosureLive exchan
ge rates may not be available outside of business hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. East
ern Time)FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of Amer
ican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This se
rvice is not available to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business wil
l be required to complete an application which is subject to review and approval
 by American Express. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditi
ons, call 888-391-9971.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordi
nation and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American
 Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party serv
ice providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Lo
we's Business RewardsYou will receive 1 Lowe's Business Rewards point ("point") 
for each dollar of eligible purchases on your Lowe's Business Rewards Card from 
American Express ("Card Account"). You will receive 1 additional point (for a to
tal of 2 points) for each dollar of eligible purchases on your Card Account at L
owe's stores, and Lowes.com. You will receive 2 additional points (for a total o
f 3 points) for each dollar of eligible purchases on your Card Account at restau
rants located in the U.S., at office supply stores located in the U.S. (office s
upplies purchased at other retail stores are excluded), and on monthly wireless 
telephone services purchased directly from U.S. wireless telephone service provi
ders (purchases of hardware and equipment are excluded; any purchases from third
 parties and resellers are excluded).Lowe's Business Rewards points can be redee
med for Lowe's® Gift Cards, American Express® Gift Cards, Gas Reward Cards, and 
Outdoor Reward Cards (Outdoor Reward Cards retailers include L.L.Bean, Cabela's®
, Austad's® and Bass Pro Shops®). Redemption starts as low as 2,500 points. All 
gift and Reward cards are available in $25, $50, and $100 denominations. Eligibl
e Purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits
. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, pur
chases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases o
f gift cards, person-to-person payments,or purchases of any cash equivalents. Me
rchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. A purchase will no
t earn additional points if the merchant's code is not eligible. Purchases made 
through a third-party payment account or on an online marketplace (with multiple
 retailers) will not earn additional points. A purchase may not earn additional 
points if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card read
er or if you use a mobile or digital wallet.Lowe's 5% DiscountSubject to credit 
approval. Get 5% off your eligible purchase or order charged to your Lowe's Busi
ness Rewards Card from American Express, Lowe's Business Account or Lowe's Accou
nts Receivable. Valid for purchases in US stores, on Lowes.com, &amp; LowesForPr
os.com. Customer must pay applicable sales tax. 5% discount will be applied afte
r any other applicable discounts. Offer can't be combined with other credit-rela
ted promotional offers. Can't be used in conjunction with: any coupon; Lowe's mi
litary discount; Lowe's employee discount; Lowe's low price guarantee; Lowe's vo
lume or special discount programs such as, but not limited to “QSP”; manager dis
cretion price adjustments; contractor packs; or any other offer which expressly 
states it can't be combined with any other discount credit offer. Can't be used 
in conjunction with the following products and/or services: extended protection/
replacement plans; shipping, delivery or assembly charges; fees or taxes; gift c
ards; Dacor, ICON, Fisher &amp; Paykel, Monogram, Smeg or Liebherr appliances (s
ome brands not available in all markets/stores); Weber or Kichler products. Excl
udes Lowe's Consumer Credit Card, Lowe's Visa Accounts and all Lowe's Canada Cre
dit products. The above-referenced list of exclusions is accurate as of 09/01/20
17. Please visit https://www.onlinecreditcenter6.com/LowesMarketing/marketing/sp
ecialOffers_business.jsp to see the most up-to-date list of exclusions. Lowe's r
eserves the right to discontinue or alter these terms at any time.Lowe's Busines
s Rewards Redemption OptionsThe American Express® Gift Card, the Gas Rewards Car
d, and Outdoor Rewards Card can be used at U.S merchants that accept American Ex
press® Cards. No ATM cash withdrawal. Some limitations apply, including restrict
ions on use at cruise lines or for recurring billing. See Cardholder Agreements 
for complete details. Cards cannot be redeemed for cash except where required by
 law. Cards are issued by American Express Prepaid Card Management Corporations.
When using your Card to pay for gasoline, we recommend you prepay inside the sta
tion rather than paying for gasoline at the pump. However, if you pay for gasoli
ne at the pump please note many pumps seek a preauthorization before allowing yo
u to use the Card which could be up to $75 or more. This is called a "Preauthori
zation Request". If you have insufficient funds on your Card to cover the "Preau
thorization Request", the Card may be declined. When a merchant submits this Pre
authorization Request, we will hold the amount of the Preauthorization Request u
ntil the final transaction is cleared. If the total cost of your gasoline purcha
se is less than the Preauthorization Request, we will release the difference bet
ween the total gasoline purchase and the Preauthorization Request, typically wit
hin 8 business days. During the period when funds are temporarily held, funds wi
ll not be available for use.OPEN Savings: For Lowe's OnlyOPEN Savings® Benefit: 
The OPEN Savings benefit is built in to Business Cards from American Express OPE
N and provides a 5% discount for each eligible dollar spent at OPEN Savings merc
hants. The discount is provided in the form of a statement credit. To take advan
tage of this benefit, payment must be made with a Business Card from American Ex
press OPEN at the time of purchase. All Cards under a particular Card Account (i
ncluding the Basic Card as well as any Additional or Employee Cards) are combine
d for the purposes of calculating OPEN Savings benefits. All OPEN Savings benefi
ts are credited to the Basic Card Member only. Please allow up to 12 weeks for y
our benefit to appear on your monthly statement. Purchases that are eligible for
 the OPEN Savings benefit that are returned or credited from an OPEN Savings mer
chant will result in a reversal of your statement credit. The benefit may not be
 available at all OPEN Savings partner locations. For a full list of individual 
OPEN Savings merchants and benefit descriptions, please visit opensavings.com. T
he OPEN Savings benefit (including merchant participation and offers) is subject
 to change at any time without notice. OPEN Savings offers may be subject to exc
lusions, benefit limits and other restrictions or limitations. For full terms an
d conditions, go to opensavings.com. Lowe's Business Rewards Cards are not eligi
ble for the Membership Rewards program, so terms and conditions on opensavings.c
om pertaining to the Membership Rewards option do not apply to Lowe's Business R
ewards Card Members.Rewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, conditions and r
estrictions vary by individual Card products.Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside
 Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow operator o
r locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistance Hotli
ne is available at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charged for any
 services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the following
 services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has 
a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2
 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling within the 50 United Sta
tes, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands a
nd only when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This product does
 not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicense
d vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other impo
rtant exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordination and as
sistance services in case of inclement weather or on roadways which restrict acc
ess to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicle
s with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and e
xclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpre
ss.com/RAterms.Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company,
 Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsib
le for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that 
certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales tar
gets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. F
or more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California 
CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.Spend ManagerSpend ManagerS
M is a feature of American Express Business and Corporate Cards. American Expres
s is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed. Rec
eipts will be stored until the earliest of the following: (1) seven years from t
he end of the year that the receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that your onlin
e account is closed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, American Express may delete 
or purge receipts for any reason in its sole discretion, with or without notice.
Spend Manager and Connect to QuickBooksSpend ManagerSM and Connect to QuickBooks
® are two separate business tools available with Business Cards from American Ex
press OPEN that were created to work together. American Express is not responsib
le for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed in your QuickBooks. Yo
u must enroll in Connect to QuickBooks from your American Express online account
. Connect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online. For details about Spend Ma
nagerSM, go to www.open.com/spendmanager. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © I
ntuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB 
logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Spend Manager Mobile AppThe Spend M
anagerSM Mobile App is only available with American Express Business and Corpora
te Cards. Not all functionality is available with Corporate Cards. The Spend Man
agerSM Mobile App is only available on the App Store(R) and Google Play™. Apple,
 the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S.
 and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a
 trademark of Google Inc.Year–End SummaryThe Online Year–End Summary, typically 
available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st t
hrough December 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor imp
ortant information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBagga
ge Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Compan
y, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Pol
icy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underw
ritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRC
B000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federa
ted States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Isla
nds. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Poli
cies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document
 does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the en
tire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with 
your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a
 Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Exp
ress Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or 
American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another
 form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay f
or all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secon
dary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insu
rance that you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be f
iled with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress
.com/BIPterms.Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Ins
urance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix
, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IN
D. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific 
Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not
 available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marsh
all Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by 
the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card an
d is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace
 the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and wh
en rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing comp
anies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy doe
s not cover some vehicles, e.g off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, a
s described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverag
e. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that y
ou have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does n
ot cover such things as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, 
injury to other persons, or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Term
s and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended W
arranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoeni
x, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND.
 For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific In
surance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not a
vailable to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshal
l Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by t
he terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and
 is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace 
the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer'
s warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the origi
nal warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and 
we provide one additional year if the original manufacturer's warranty is betwee
n one year and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not
 be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage
, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicl
es and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered u
p to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maxim
um of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member acco
unt per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in 
which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Cond
itions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection i
s underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ und
er Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For resi
dents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance L
imited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available 
to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands
, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, 
conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subjec
t to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy
. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain pur
chases are not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishabl
e items and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear an
d tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the am
ount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurre
nce; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be
 required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you 
for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it 
pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full
 Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Accident Insurance
Travel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrat
ive Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI 
or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio
 Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111. This benef
it is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micrones
ia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is deter
mined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to you
r Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement o
r replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on 
a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Enti
re Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can
 use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combinat
ion with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay wit
h Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or freq
uent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fa
re, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. 
For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in g
ood standing on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full T
erms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.