INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

17.49% (Prime Rate + 12.49%) to 26.49% (Prime Rate + 21.49%), based on your creditworthiness as determined at the time of account opening. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.



APR for Cash Advances

26.99% (Prime Rate + 21.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.


Penalty APR and When It Applies

29.99% (Prime Rate + 25.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR will apply to your account if:1) You make 2 or more late payments in a 12-month period;2) You do not pay the Minimum Payment due by the closing date of the billing period in which it is due; or3) You make a payment that is returned.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for a minimum of 12 billing periods in a row, and will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments for 12 billing periods in a row.


Paying Interest

Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances on the transaction date.



Fees
Annual Membership Fee

$0 for the first year, then $95


Transaction Fees

 


Cash Advance
Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction
None

Penalty Fees

 

Late Payment
Up to $38

Overlimit
None

Returned Payment
$38


How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases.)"
Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%.Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 06/14/2018.

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement.
 By submitting this application, you, as an individual and the Authorizing Officer of the Company, (a) are requesting us to open an Account in the name of the Company, (b) are requesting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be jointly and severally liable with the Company for all charges to the account, and (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be approved for a Card Account. This offer is available to US Residents. When you use the Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you for the Account. The Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which impacts the opportunity to have claims related to the Account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the terms of, or add new terms to, the Card Member Agreement at any time, subject to applicable law. We may apply any changed or new terms to any existing and future balances on your Account, subject to applicable law. 
 
  You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.
 Additional Cards: You must notify Additional Card Members that we may obtain, provide, and use information about them and that their use of your Account is subject to certain provisions of the Card Member Agreement. The maximum number of Additional Cards issued on each Account is 99.
 Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.
  
 New York Residents: New York Residents may contact the New York state Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York Department of Financial Services: 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov
Cash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.
Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
 Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.
 Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.
 
The Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2018 American Express National Bank.

POID GBA3:0001

OFFER TERMS
Welcome offer not available to applicants who have or have had this Card. We may also consider the number of American Express® Cards you have opened and closed as well as other factors in making a decision on your welcome offer eligibility.Welcome offer not available to applicants who (i) have or have had the Marriott Rewards® Premier Plus Business Credit Card from Chase or Marriott Rewards Business Credit Card from Chase in the last 30 days, (ii) have acquired The Marriott Rewards® Premier Plus Credit Card from Chase or The Marriott Rewards® Premier Credit Card from Chase in the last 90 days, or (iii) received a welcome offer in the last 24 months on The Marriott Rewards® Premier Plus Credit Card from Chase or The Marriott Rewards® Premier Credit Card from Chase.
Earn 100,000 bonus pointsTo be eligible to earn 100,000 bonus points, you must use The Starwood Preferred Guest Business Credit Card to make $5,000 (the "Threshold Amount") in eligible purchases by the end of your first 3 months of Card Membership, based on the date of your Card approval.You can earn 100,000 bonus points after you spend $5,000 in eligible purchases on your Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $5,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Bonus points will appear on your Starwood Preferred Guest statement 8-12 weeks after you reach the Threshold Amount. If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome offer (s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit points to your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account are not eligible for this offer. Your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment of any offers. If your application is not received by 10/31/2018, we will not process your application even if we later receive your application. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.

Introductory Annual FeeThe introductory annual fee for The Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card will be $0 for the first year of Card Membership. After that, the annual fee will be $95.

BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.
15 Elite Night CreditFor Card Accounts opened before 12/31/2018 Each calendar year a maximum of 15 Elite Night credits will be credited to one of your Marriott Loyalty Program accounts operated by Marriott International, Inc. (i.e., Marriott Rewards®, Starwood Preferred Guest® or The Ritz-Carlton Rewards®) (the "Marriott Loyalty Program") on or before March 1 in accordance with the Marriott Loyalty Program terms and conditions. To be eligible to receive the 15 Elite Night credits with this Card, you must be the Basic Card Member, your Card Account must be open and not in default at the time of the 15 Elite Night credit deposit, and you must have an active Marriott Loyalty Program account. To receive the 15 Elite Night credit deposit, your Card Account must be linked to a Marriott Loyalty Program account in your name. This benefit is not exclusive to credit cards offered by American Express. You will receive a maximum of 15 Elite Night credits per calendar year even if you have more than one Marriott Rewards, Starwood Preferred Guest, or The Ritz-Carlton Rewards Consumer or Small Business credit card account or have more than one Marriott Loyalty Program account. For Card Accounts opened on or after 1/1/2019 Upon opening your Card Account, a maximum of 15 Elite Night credits will be credited to one of your Marriott Loyalty Program accounts operated by Marriott International, Inc. (i.e., Marriott Rewards®, Starwood Preferred Guest® or The Ritz-Carlton Rewards®) (the "Marriott Loyalty Program"), within 60 days. On or before March 1 of each subsequent calendar year, 15 Elite Night credits will be credited to your Marriott Loyalty Program account operated by Marriott International, Inc. (i.e., Marriott Rewards®, Starwood Preferred Guest® or The Ritz-Carlton Rewards®) (the "Marriott Loyalty Program"), in accordance with the Marriott Loyalty Program terms and conditions. To be eligible to receive the 15 Elite Night credits with this Card, you must be the Basic Card Member, your Card Account must be open and not in default at the time of the 15 Elite Night credit deposit, and you must have an active Marriott Loyalty Program account. To receive the 15 Elite Night credit deposit, your Card Account must be linked to a Marriott Loyalty Program account in your name. This benefit is not exclusive to credit cards offered by American Express. You will receive a maximum of 15 Elite Night credits per calendar year even if you have more than one Marriott Rewards, Starwood Preferred Guest, or The Ritz-Carlton Rewards Consumer or Small Business credit card account or have more than one Marriott Loyalty Program account.

6/4/2 PointsYou will receive 2 points for each U.S. dollar of eligible purchases charged on your Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card from American Express. You will receive 2 additional points (for a total of 4 points) for each U.S. dollar of eligible purchases charged on your Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card from American Express when charged directly at U.S. restaurants, on gasoline at U.S. gas stations, on wireless telephone services purchased directly from U.S. service providers & on U.S. purchases for shipping. You will receive 4 additional points (for a total of 6 points) for each U.S. dollar of eligible purchases charged on your Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card from American Express when charged directly with participating Starwood properties, stand-alone Starwood retail establishments, and Starwood online stores that, in each case, are wholly owned by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC (a subsidiary of Marriott International, Inc.) and its affiliates. You will also receive 4 additional points (for a total of 6 points) from American Express for each U.S. dollar of eligible purchases charged on your Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card from American Express when charged directly with hotels participating in Marriott Rewards®, stand-alone Marriott-branded retail establishments, and Marriott-branded online stores (including online purchases of Marriott branded gift cards) that, in each case, are owned by Marriott International, Inc. and its affiliates. Eligible purchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, person-to-person payments, the purchase or reloading of prepaid cards, and purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply. Points received from your Card will be posted to your loyalty member account up to 12 weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to receive points, Card Member's account must not be cancelled or in default at the time of bonus fulfillment. Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not earn additional points if the merchant's code is not eligible. Purchases made through a third-party payment account or on an online marketplace (with multiple retailers) will not earn additional points. A purchase may not earn additional points if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet.

Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.

Air+Car Transfer ProgramParticipating airlines, car rental companies, and conversion rates are subject to change. See www.airandcar.marriott.com for full program details.

American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

American Express SeatingPlease note that the tickets available through the American Express Seating program are available to all Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

Connect to QuickBooksConnect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online and is available for use with Business Cards from American Express OPEN. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.

Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.

Earn Gold Elite StatusEffective January 1, 2019: The purchase requirement to earn Gold Elite status is changing. Beginning in January 2019, if your total eligible purchases on your Starwood Preferred Guest Business Credit Card from American Express Card account total $35,000 or more in a calendar year, you (the Basic Card Member) will be enrolled in Gold Elite status.If in any calendar year of Card Membership your total eligible purchases on your Starwood Preferred Guest Business Credit Card from American Express Card account reach $35,000, you (the Basic Card Member) will be enrolled in Gold Elite status. This upgrade to Gold Elite status benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member; however, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Members will contribute to the purchase requirement. Eligible purchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, the purchase or reloading of prepaid cards, and purchases of other cash equivalents.A calendar year is from January 1 to December 31 regardless of when you open your Card Account. Allow 12-16 weeks from the time your total eligible purchases reach $35,000 for your enrollment in Gold Elite status to become effective.Your upgrade to Gold Elite status is valid for the remainder of the calendar year in which it was earned and the subsequent calendar year. Your enrollment will expire after that subsequent calendar year unless your eligible purchases during the next calendar year again qualifies you for enrollment, or you qualify for Gold Elite status under the loyalty program terms.You cannot receive enrollment in Gold Elite status through this reward program if you are already enrolled at Gold Elite status or any higher status.For more information about Gold Elite status and complete Terms and Conditions, visit members.marriott.com.In order to receive Gold Elite status benefits at participating SPG® and Marriott Rewards® hotels, you will need to combine your loyalty member accounts online prior to arrival at the hotel. Log into spg.com and follow the prompts in order to combine your accounts.

Employee Card Spending LimitsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be set up online or by calling the number on the back of your Card. The Spending Limit is not a guarantee that the Employee Card Member will be able to make purchases up to that limit. There are certain purchases where the limit does not apply, such as, for example, restaurant tips and hotel stays extended beyond their original reservation period, and the overall Account capacity is taken into consideration. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. For more information on the application of the limit, please refer to the Employee Card Spending Limits Terms and Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, which will also be provided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this feature.

Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

Free Night Award (up to 35k points)Each year, after renewal of your Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card, you will receive one Free Night Award from Starwood Preferred Guest®. The Free Night Award can be redeemed for a one-night stay inclusive of room rate and applicable taxes at participating SPG® and Marriott Rewards® hotels with a redemption level at or under 35,000 points. The Card Member may be responsible for payment of additional mandatory resort fees at properties where resort fees are applicable, and is responsible for all incidental charges. This benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member on the Card Account. The Free Night Award will be automatically deposited into your loyalty member account within 8-12 weeks after your Card Account anniversary date in the form of an e-certificate. You will receive an email from SPG to the email address listed on your loyalty member account confirming that the Free Night Award e-certificate has been deposited into your loyalty member account. The email will also provide instructions on how to redeem your Free Night Award e-certificate. To redeem the Free Night Award e-certificate, you must log into your loyalty member account and apply the e-certificate during booking. The Free Night Award e-certificate will expire after 1 year from issuance. E-certificates may not be transferred, extended beyond the expiration date, or re-credited for points. To qualify for the Free Night Award, your account must be open and not in default at the time of the Free Night Award e-certificate issuance. Please visit spg.com/cert for a list of participating properties. American Express is not responsible for fulfillment of Free Night Award e-certificate redemptions. Redemptions are subject to the terms and conditions of the loyalty program.

Free Nights - No Blackout DatesThere are no blackout dates for free nights, which apply to standard rooms only as defined by each participating property; contact the property before booking to check availability.

FX International Payments - SecureFX International Payments incorporates encryption, both for stored data (such as account information) and for payments created and transmitted in real-time. The FX International Payments platform is deployed within American Express' state of the art data center that features advanced online and offline security and monitoring against internet attacks. FX International Payments implements American Express standards relating to information integrity, transaction security and information security.

FX International Payments Live Exchange Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may not be available outside of business hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)

FX International Payments Terms and conditionsFX International Payments is a service of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service is not available to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required to complete an application which is subject to review and approval by American Express. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 888-391-9971. Transaction Waiver - General Cards If an OPEN Card Member applies for the FX International Payments service and is approved by American Express, American Express will waive its transaction fee on foreign currency wire payments for 6 months, and charge a transaction fee of $10 after the six month waiver period ends. This reduced fee may be discontinued by American Express at any time or in the event you cease to be an American Express OPEN Card Member. Wire payments in the same currency (e.g., USD to USD) are not eligible for this offer and are subject to a transaction fee (typically $35). Consult your FX International Payments Sales Representative for more details. There is no minimum number of transactions in order to qualify for this offer, but a minimum transaction size may apply, depending on the type of currency of the wire payment. In some countries, the receiving bank may assess its own transaction fees on your wire payment. You recognize that, even if American Express does not charge you a transaction fee on your foreign currency wire payment, American Express may earn revenue from the foreign exchange transaction. Other fees may apply to products and services other than foreign currency wire payments. Transaction Waiver - Platinum If an OPEN Business Platinum Card Member applies for the FX International Payments service and is approved by American Express, American Express will waive its transaction fee on foreign currency wire payments. This waiver may be discontinued by American Express at any time or in the event you cease to be an American Express OPEN Business Platinum Card Member. Wire payments in the same currency (e.g., USD to USD) are not eligible for this waiver and are subject to a transaction fee (typically $35). Consult your FX International Payments Sales Representative for more details. There is no minimum number of transactions in order to qualify for this waiver, but a minimum transaction size may apply, depending on the currency of the transaction. In some countries, the receiving bank may assess its own transaction fees on your wire payment. You recognize that, even if American Express does not charge you a transaction fee on your foreign currency wire payment, American Express may earn revenue from the foreign exchange transaction. Other fees may apply to products and services other than foreign currency wire payments. Click here for information about addressing complaints regarding our money services business, lists of our money services business licenses and other disclosures.

FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service is not available to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required to complete an application which is subject to review and approval by American Express. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 888-391-9971.

Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.

Gold /Platinum Elite Status Points EarnedA Gold Elite member will earn a 25% bonus on eligible purchases at participating hotels for each U.S. dollar or the currency equivalent that is incurred and paid for by the member. Extended-stay brands not included.A Platinum Elite member will earn a 50% bonus on eligible purchases at participating hotels for each U.S. dollar or the currency equivalent that is incurred and paid for by the member. Extended-stay brands not included.

Gold /Platinum Status Late CheckoutSubject to availability at resort and conference center hotels.

Gold Elite StatusIf in any calendar year of Card Membership your total eligible purchases on your Starwood Preferred Guest Business Credit Card from American Express Card account reach $30,000, you (the Basic Card Member) will be enrolled in Gold Elite status. This upgrade to Gold Elite status benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member; however, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Members will contribute to the purchase requirement. Eligible purchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, the purchase or reloading of prepaid cards, and purchases of other cash equivalents. A calendar year is from January 1 to December 31 regardless of when you open your Card Account. Allow 12-16 weeks from the time your total eligible purchases reach $30,000 for your enrollment in Gold Elite status to become effective. Your upgrade to Gold Elite status is valid for the remainder of the calendar year in which it was earned and the subsequent calendar year. Your enrollment will expire after that subsequent calendar year unless your eligible purchases during the next calendar year again qualifies you for enrollment, or you qualify for Gold Elite status under the loyalty program terms. You cannot receive enrollment in Gold Elite status through this reward program if you are already enrolled at Gold Elite status or any higher status. For more information about Gold Elite status and complete Terms and Conditions, visit members.marriott.com. In order to receive Gold Elite status benefits at participating SPG® and Marriott Rewards® hotels, you will need to combine your loyalty member accounts online prior to arrival at the hotel. Log into spg.com and follow the prompts in order to combine your accounts.

Gold Elite Status and above - UpgradesChange to an enhanced room based upon availability at time of check-in. Enhanced rooms are rooms on higher floors, corner rooms, newly renovated rooms and rooms with preferred views. Enhanced rooms do not include suites. Not offered at Aloft® and ElementSM hotels. Subject to availability for the entire length of the stay, provided the room was booked on points- eligible rate and was not booked through a third-party channel, such as priceline.com, expedia.com, booking.com, orbitz.com, and elong.com.

Marriott Brand TrademarksSPG®, Preferred Guest®, Sheraton®, Westin®, St. Regis®, The Luxury Collection®, W®, Le Méridien®, Design Hotels®, Tribute Portfolio®, ElementSM, Aloft®, Four Points®, Marriott Rewards®, Marriott®, The Ritz-Carlton®, EDITION®, JW Marriott®, Autograph Collection®, Renaissance®, Delta Hotels®, Marriott Executive Apartments®, Marriott Vacation Club®, Gaylord Hotels®, AC Hotels by Marriott®, Courtyard®, Residence Inn®, Springhill Suites®, Fairfield Inn & Suites®, TownePlace Suites®, Protea Hotels®, Moxy®, and their respective logos are trademarks of Marriott International, Inc., or its affiliates.

No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.

Platinum Elite Status - UpgradesSubject to availability at check-in for the length of the stay, provided the room was not booked through a third-party channel. Special amenities such as, but not limited to, premium view, Presidential, Honeymoon, and multiple bedroom suites are excluded. This benefit does not apply to all-suite hotels. Best rooms are identified by each property and may not include upgraded Towers level accommodations unless Towers level accommodations are booked originally. The upgrade benefit is available for one room for the personal use of the Member only, regardless of the number of additional rooms purchased by the Member. This benefit is not offered at Aloft and Element properties.

Premium on-property Internet AccessFor primary Card Members only, available at participating SPG® and Marriott Rewards® hotels. Loyalty member account number must be provided at the time of reservation. Premium Internet access is limited to one room per eligible Card Member per stay regardless of how many rooms have been reserved. Some exclusions apply (http://www.marriott.com/rewards/terms/default.mi).

Redeem points for free nightsPoints redeemed for a free night include the cost of a standard room and applicable taxes only. Some hotels may have mandatory service and resort charges. Please contact hotel or resort for complete details. Points required for a free night range from 7,500 points in a standard room at a Category 1 property to 85,000 points in a standard room at a Category 8 property. Category 8 properties that are all suites, villas, or have mandatory board require higher points redemption. For complete information on reward stays, visit members.marriott.com.

Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.

Rewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, conditions and restrictions vary by individual Card products.

Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling within the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weather or on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.

Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.

Silver Elite StatusYou will receive complimentary Silver Elite status with your Starwood Preferred Guest® American Express Card. This complimentary Silver Elite status benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member. If your Card is cancelled for any reason, your complimentary Silver Elite status provided with the Card will be cancelled. For more information about Silver Elite status and complete Terms and Conditions, visit members.marriott.com. In order to receive Silver Elite status benefits at participating SPG® and Marriott Rewards® hotels, you will need to combine your loyalty member accounts online prior to arrival at the hotel. Log into spg.com and follow the prompts in order to combine your accounts.

Spend ManagerSpend ManagerSM is a feature of American Express Business and Corporate Cards. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed. Receipts will be stored until the earliest of the following: (1) seven years from the end of the year that the receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that your online account is closed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, American Express may delete or purge receipts for any reason in its sole discretion, with or without notice.

Spend Manager and Connect to QuickBooksSpend ManagerSM and Connect to QuickBooks® are two separate business tools available with Business Cards from American Express OPEN that were created to work together. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed in your QuickBooks. You must enroll in Connect to QuickBooks from your American Express online account. Connect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online. For details about Spend ManagerSM, go to www.open.com/spendmanager. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.

Spend Manager Mobile AppThe Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available with American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Not all functionality is available with Corporate Cards. The Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available on the App Store(R) and Google Play™. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.

SPG MomentsSPG Moments℠ is an exclusive program for Marriott Loyalty Program members where points can be transformed into once-in-a-lifetime experiences. Events have included coveted VIP tickets to the hottest concerts of the year, championship sporting events, and red carpet premieres. Members may use points to bid on or redeem for experiences on spg.com/moments. Offer based on first-come, first-served with limited space available or while supplies last. Employees of Marriott International, Inc. are ineligible to use points for SPG Moments.

The Boingo American Express Preferred PlanComplimentary access to Boingo Wi–Fi is being provided as a benefit to Card Members with eligible Cards. In order to access the benefit, Card Members with eligible Cards must first be authenticated and create a Boingo American Express Preferred Plan (or, the “AXP Plan”) account. Internet access may be required in order to be authenticated and create an account. For questions on eligibility, call the number on the back of your Card. If you submit your American Express Card number to Boingo to verify that your Card is eligible for this benefit, Boingo will send your Card number to American Express. Upon receipt of your Card number from Boingo, American Express will provide confirmation of your Card‘s eligibility for the American Express Preferred Plan to Boingo. Boingo will not store or use your Card number for any other purpose. Boingo‘s use of this information is subject to its privacy policy.If you have an existing paid Boingo subscription plan, your existing plan will not be automatically cancelled when you enroll in the AXP Plan. If you would like to cancel any existing paid subscription plan, call Boingo‘s dedicated AXP Plan line. The AXP Plan only provides access to land–based Wi–Fi services and does not include in–flight Wi–Fi. Available hotspots in Boingo‘s network, including those managed and operated by Boingo and its partners (“Boingo‘s Network”) are subject to change at any time. Visit http://wifi.boingo.com to locate hotspots. Your use of Boingo‘s Wi–Fi services is subject to Boingo‘s End User License Agreement and Customer Agreement and other applicable terms and conditions, including Boingo‘s privacy and security policies, available at www.boingo.com. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Boingo‘s terms and conditions, American Express Card Members with eligible Cards (i) will not be charged for enrollment in the AXP Plan, and (ii) will be permitted to connect no more than four devices to Boingo‘s Network per month. Simultaneous use of devices with a single account is limited to a hotspot. By subscribing for this benefit, you acknowledge that American Express is not responsible for and does not guarantee the quality, security, coverage or availability of Boingo‘s Network or the free Wi–Fi hotspots accessed through the Wi–Finder App. You agree that use of Wi–Fi accessed through Boingo is at your own risk. Use of the AXP Plan is limited to authorized Card Members only. This benefit is non–transferable, it is your responsibility to ensure that no one else has access to your account details. Your account may be terminated for breach of any terms or conditions or for abuse of your AXP Plan account.From time to time, Boingo may request that you re–authenticate your Boingo American Express Preferred Plan account in order to confirm that you are still a Card Member with an eligible Card. You can receive alerts and connect seamlessly to Boingo by downloading the Wi–Finder App to your laptop, tablet and mobile devices. This benefit is subject to change or cancellation without notice.

Transfer Points to Airline ProgramMarriott International, Inc. will add 15,000 points for every 60,000 points you transfer to airlines miles. For a list of participating airlines, transfer ratios, and full program details, go to members.marriott.com. Participating airlines and transfer ratios are subject to change. Check with your frequent flyer program for details on redemption of airline miles.

Year–End SummaryThe Online Year–End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.

AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide
Baggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.

Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.

Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than two years, and we provide two additional years* if the original manufacturer's warranty is between two years and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.*For residents of Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands, Your coverage will continue to match the original warranty period for warranties of less than one (1) year or provide one (1) additional year if the warranty is between one (1) and five (5) years.

Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.

Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.


