PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO READ IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATION BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION.						Important information regarding rates, fees, and other cost informationINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGESAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases16.74% (Prime Rate + 11.99%), 18.74% (Prime Rate + 13.99%) or 20.74% (Prime Rate + 15.99%), based on your creditworthiness as determined at the time of account opening. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74% (Prime Rate + 21.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When It Applies29.99% (Prime Rate + 25.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR will apply to your account if:1) You make 2 or more late payments in a 12-month period;2) You do not pay the Minimum Payment due by the closing date of the billing period in which it is due; or3) You make a payment that is returned.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for a minimum of 12 billing periods in a row, and will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments for 12 billing periods in a row.Paying InterestYour due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances on the transaction date.FeesAnnual Membership Fee$450Transaction Fees Cash AdvanceEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign TransactionNonePenalty Fees Late PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneReturned Payment$38How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases.)"Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%.Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 3/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement. By submitting this application, you, as an individual and the Authorizing Officer of the Company, (a) are requesting us to open an Account in the name of the Company, (b) are requesting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be jointly and severally liable with the Company for all charges to the account, and (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be approved for a Card Account. This offer is available to US Residents. When you use the Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you for the Account. The Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which impacts the opportunity to have claims related to the Account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the terms of, or add new terms to, the Card Member Agreement at any time, subject to applicable law. We may apply any changed or new terms to any existing and future balances on your Account, subject to applicable law.    You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it. Additional Cards: You must notify Additional Card Members that we may obtain, provide, and use information about them and that their use of your Account is subject to certain provisions of the Card Member Agreement. The maximum number of Additional Cards issued on each Account is 99. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.   New York Residents: New York Residents may contact the New York state Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York Department of Financial Services: 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govCash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.SkyMiles is a Registered Trademark, Marca Registrada, Marque Deposee. Delta trademarks (including Delta and Delta logo) are registered, or registrations are applied for, in countries of the world served by Delta Air Lines, Inc. © 2018. All SkyMiles program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Offers void where prohibited by law. Offers are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law. The Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card from American Express is issued by an American Express bank. ©2018 American Express. All rights reserved.POID CHI3:0002OFFER TERMSWelcome bonus offer not available to applicants who have or have had this product.If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome bonus offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer (s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit bonus miles and MQMs to your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us. Earn 40,000 Bonus Miles and 10,000 Medallion® Qualification Miles (MQMs) after you spend $3,000 in purchases on your new Card in your first 3 months To qualify for the 40,000 bonus miles and 10,000 Medallion® Qualification Miles you must make eligible purchases with your Delta Reserve Business Credit Card that total $3,000 or more (the "Threshold Amount) within your first 3 months of Card Membership. Miles and MQMs will be credited to your account 6-8 weeks after you reach the Threshold Amount. Eligible purchases to meet the spend requirement can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases to meet the Threshold Amount do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of any cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account are not eligible for this offer. To receive the 40,000 bonus miles and 10,000 Medallion® Qualification Miles your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment. You can earn 40,000 bonus miles and 10,000 MQMs after you spend $3,000 or more in qualifying purchases on your Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $3,000 may be shorter than the 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Miles will be credited to your account 6-8 weeks after you reach the spend threshold. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.BENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Annual Miles Boost® for ReserveThe close of the calendar year is December 31, without regard to the time of the year that the account is opened. This means that for the first year of Card Membership, the Card Member's Eligible Purchase bonus period may be less than twelve months. If in any calendar year Eligible Purchases on the Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card are $30,000 or more, the Basic Card Member will be awarded 15,000 bonus miles and 15,000 Medallion Qualification Miles ("MQMs" as defined in the Delta SkyMiles Membership Guide and Program Rules). If in that same calendar year Eligible Purchases on the Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card are $60,000 or more, the Basic Card Member will be awarded an additional 15,000 bonus miles and 15,000 MQMs. Eligible Purchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible Purchases do NOT include fees, interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of travelers' checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. The MQMs are not redeemable and only count towards Medallion status. MQMs can be kept by the Basic Card Member or gifted to someone else. MQM gift recipients must have a valid SkyMiles account. If within 90 days a MQM recipient is not designated, the MQMs will be deposited in the Basic Card Member's SkyMiles account. Additional Card Member(s) are not eligible to receive miles through Miles Boost; however all Eligible Purchases by the Additional Card Member(s) will count towards the Basic Card Member's spend level to reach the Miles Boost threshold. Card Members may be permitted to have more than one Blue, Gold, Platinum, or Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card from American Express account; however, Card Members are only eligible to receive one annual bonus for each type (i.e.Platinum, or Reserve) of Delta SkyMiles Credit Card account from American Express. To receive the MQMs, your account must not be canceled or past due at the time the MQMs are posted to your account.Award TravelTaxes and fees for Award Travel are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the ticket is booked.  Award Travel seats are limited and may not be available on all flights or in all markets.  ConciergeThere is no cost to you for services a concierge performs on your behalf, although you are responsible for any purchases, fees and/or shipping charges you authorize to be charged to your Card account. We reserve the right to note profile and preference data for servicing and marketing purposes. We are not responsible for notifying a restaurant of any food allergies when suggesting or making reservations at restaurants.Connect to QuickBooksConnect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online and is available for use with Business Cards from American Express OPEN. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Delta No Blackout DatesAlthough blackout dates have been eliminated on Delta flights, blackout dates may apply on partner flights and are defined by individual partner carriers.Delta Reserve Companion Certificate at RenewalTaxes/Fees/Restrictions: Companion Certificate valid for one round-trip First Class, Delta Comfort+® or Main Cabin Companion ticket with the payment of applicable taxes and fees detailed below and the purchase of certain adult round-trip fares on published routings within the 48 contiguous United States. Residents of Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the United States Virgin Islands (USVI) must originate from there to the 48 contiguous United States and have an address on their SkyMiles account in Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the USVI. Each year, the Companion Certificate will be made available for redemption on delta.com in your renewal month. Applicable government imposed taxes and fees vary and depend upon the number of flight segments included in the itinerary and are no more than $75 for roundtrip domestic flights (for itineraries with up to four flight segments). Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Delta Reserve Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, and Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card are eligible to receive the first checked bag fee waiver on Delta and Delta Connection carrier tickets. $35 fee for second checked bag. These allowances are subject to size/weight limits. Contact a Delta agent or visit delta.com for details. Taxes and fees are subject to change, are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the primary ticket is purchased and the Companion ticket is issued. All fare rules, restrictions, advance purchase requirements, and availability are per rule of primary ticket fare purchased. Tickets are only available in A and I classes of service for First Class travel, only available in W class for Delta Comfort+ travel, and only available in L, U, T, X, V classes of service for Main Cabin travel and may not be available on all flights or markets. Companion Certificates are eligible for Medallion Complimentary Upgrades which are subject to availability and may not be eligible on all flights. Medallion Members traveling with one companion will be eligible for Complimentary Upgrades to both First Class and Delta Comfort+ based on the status of the higher-tiered Member, as long as the companion is a SkyMiles Member, Medallion Member or partner airline elite member, traveling in the same reservation. Companion tickets are not transferable once issued. Companion certificate cannot be combined with another offer or discount including, but not limited to, web fares, sale fares and eCoupons. Primary ticket and Companion ticket must be purchased with your Delta Reserve Credit Card. Both passengers must be booked on the same flights and dates, at the same time. Travel for Companion certificate must be booked and completed by the date on the front of certificate. Validity is not based on the calendar year. Redemption is available only on delta.com. Certificate terms and conditions may vary each year of Card Membership. Additional restrictions apply. See Companion Certificate for details.Delta Reserve Companion Certificate for Online RedemptionEligibility: Eligible on Delta, Delta Connection carrier and Delta Shuttle flights only (excludes all other Delta-designated codeshare flights). Companion certificate is valid for one round-trip First-Class, Delta Comfort+® or Main Cabin companion ticket with the purchase of certain adult round-trip fares on published routings within the 48 contiguous United States. Residents of Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the United States Virgin Islands (USVI) must originate from there to the 48 contiguous United States and have an address on their SkyMiles account in Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the USVI. Each year, the Companion Certificate will be made available for redemption on delta.com in your renewal month. Companion ticket requires payment of applicable government imposed taxes and fees which vary and depend upon the number of flight segments included in the itinerary and are no more than $75 for roundtrip domestic flights (for itineraries with up to four flight segments). Reservations are only available at delta.com. Companion certificate terms and conditions may vary each year of Card Membership. Additional restrictions apply. Restrictions: Redemption is available only on delta.com. The certificate cannot be combined with another offer or discount including, but not limited to, web fares, sale fares and eCoupons. Both passengers must be booked at the same time, in the same class of service and in the same record. Tickets are only available in A and I classes of service for First Class travel, only available in W class for Delta Comfort+ travel, and only available in L, U, T, X, V classes of service for Main Cabin travel and may not be available on all flights or markets. Companion Certificates are eligible for Medallion Complimentary Upgrades which are subject to availability and may not be eligible on all flights. Medallion Members traveling with one companion will be eligible for Complimentary Upgrades to both First Class and Delta Comfort+ based on the status of the higher-tiered Member, as long as the companion is a SkyMiles Member, Medallion Member or partner airline elite member, traveling in the same reservation.Most fares require an advance purchase of up to 14 days, a 3 night minimum stay and a 30-day maximum stay. All fare rules, restrictions, advance purchase requirements, and availability are per rule of Primary Ticket fare purchased. Companion tickets are not transferable. Primary Ticket and Companion ticket must be purchased with your Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from American Express. Both passengers must be booked on the same flights and dates, at the same time. Travel for Companion certificate must be booked and completed by the date on the front of certificate. Validity is not based on calendar year. Primary ticket will accrue miles. Companion ticket will not accrue miles. Tickets are eligible for Global or Regional Upgrade Certificates but not eligible for mileage upgrades. Companion Certificate is void if reproduced, altered, counterfeited, obtained or used improperly, or where prohibited by law. Companion Certificate has no value except when redeemed in accordance with all terms and conditions of this offer. Companion Certificate is for new purchases only and cannot be applied to the cost of prepaid tickets, ticket by mail, miscellaneous charge orders, Airscript or previously issued tickets. Companion Certificate will be deemed fully used once tickets have been issued and will not be returned or replaced. Companion Certificate is the property of Delta Air Lines and must be surrendered or returned upon request. Fares, fees, schedules, offers and rules are subject to change without notice. Terms and conditions of this offer are as written and cannot be altered, modified or waived unless authorized by a corporate officer of Delta Air Lines, Inc. All Delta SkyMiles program rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Routing/Blackout Dates: Stopovers, open jaws, and circle trips are not permitted. Blackout dates subject to the rules of the primary ticket fare purchased. Taxes/Fees: The fare for Companion tickets includes government imposed taxes and fees of no more than $75 for roundtrip domestic flights (for itineraries with up to four flight segments). Taxes and fees depend on the itinerary. Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Delta Reserve Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, and Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card are eligible to receive the first checked bag fee waiver on Delta and Delta Connection carrier flights. $35 fee for second checked bag. These allowances are subject to size/weight limits. Contact a Delta agent or visit delta.com for details. Taxes and fees are subject to change, are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the primary ticket is purchased and the companion ticket is issued. Cancellations/Ticket Changes/Reissuance: If the primary ticket or the Companion ticket is cancelled, both tickets will be cancelled and the Companion ticket will not be reissued. Subject to the fare rules of the primary ticket, the value of the primary ticket, less a $200 administrative service charge and any fare difference, may be applied to future travel. Cancellations are subject to the rules of the fare purchased. Neither a new Companion Certificate nor Companion ticket will be issued upon a cancellation. If the primary ticket and Companion ticket are changed after issuance, subject to the fare rules of the primary ticket, there will be a $200 administrative service charge for each of the primary ticket and the Companion ticket, plus a charge for the fare difference of the primary ticket. Changes are subject to the rules of the fare purchased and are subject to seat availability. After travel has commenced, rerouting is not permitted. Transferability: The Companion Certificate is transferable. Primary ticket and Companion ticket are not transferable once issued. Companion Certificate may not be bartered or sold. Companion Certificates or Companion tickets acquired through prohibited sale/barter transactions are void and will not be honored for travel. In the event of flight irregularities and/or cancellations, alternative flights will be on Delta only.Delta Sky Club AccessThe Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card Member must be traveling on a Delta-coded or Delta-operated flight. Name on ticket must match name on Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card. The Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card Member must be at least 21 years of age to enter Clubs with a self-service bar, unless they are accompanied by a parent or legal guardian. The Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card Member has complimentary access to the Delta Sky Club and may bring up to two guests and children under 21 years of age at a discounted rate of $29 per person, per location. Additional guest access subject to Delta Sky Club's standard rate, which is available at https://www.delta.com/skyclub. Children under 2 years of age may accompany the Card Member for free. Benefit valid only at Delta Sky Clubs. Codeshare partner and other alliance partner lounges are not included. For same-day ticketed air travel on any flight other than a Delta-coded or Delta-operated flight, the Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card Member and up to two guests may access one Club location upon payment of a discounted rate of $29 per person. The Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card Member must present his or her valid Card and same-day airline boarding pass to club agents. Note that amenities may vary among airport club locations. Meeting rooms may be reserved for a fee. All Delta Sky Club rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/skyclub. Offer and rules subject to change without notice. Additional restrictions may apply.Delta SkyMiles MarketPlaceSkyMiles Marketplace is for use only by SkyMiles Medallion® members or customers that have a U.S. issued Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from American Express. All redemption offers and awards are subject to change and to the terms and conditions of each individual merchant. Offers, rules and participating merchants are subject to change without notice. All SkyMiles Marketplace rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.Earn 1 MileBonus miles will be posted to your Delta SkyMiles account 8 to 12 weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to earn bonus miles, Card Member's account must not be canceled or past due at time of bonus fulfillment. Fees, interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, the purchase or reloading of prepaid cards and purchases of other cash equivalents do not earn miles.Earn 2 Miles on Delta PurchasesFor each dollar charged on an eligible purchase in each billing period on your Card from American Express, you earn 1 mile. You earn 1 additional mile (for a total of 2 miles) on each dollar of eligible purchases made directly with Delta ("Delta purchases"). Delta purchases are eligible purchases where Delta is the merchant of record, such as purchases via delta.com, phone reservations, or ticket counters, such as upgrades, miles, seat selection, Delta Sky Club® membership or passes, and pre-purchased meals, and in-flight purchases of food, alcoholic beverages and audio headsets on Delta-operated flights (eligible purchases do not include any other in-flight purchases, such as in-flight wireless internet access, and associated services, and charitable contributions). Delta purchases include Delta Vacation® packages but not other all-inclusive packages. Delta purchases include purchases of qualifying Delta, Delta Connection® carrier and Delta Shuttle® flights taken with the purchase of a fare that is eligible for SkyMiles mileage credit. Additional miles earned for Delta flight purchases made with the Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from American Express will be based on the total ticket price, including base fare, carrier-imposed surcharges and government-imposed taxes and fees. Eligible purchases mean purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Bonus miles will be posted to your Delta SkyMiles account 8 to 12 weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to receive miles, your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment. This offer is subject to change without notice.Earn Medallion StatusMedallion Qualification Miles received in 2018 above member's received Medallion threshold level will be rolled over to 2019 and will count toward 2020 Medallion status qualification. In addition, all Medallion Qualification Miles earned between January 1 and December 31, 2018, will count towards 2019 Medallion status.Employee Card Spending LimitsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be set up online or by calling the number on the back of your Card. The Spending Limit is not a guarantee that the Employee Card Member will be able to make purchases up to that limit. There are certain purchases where the limit does not apply, such as, for example, restaurant tips and hotel stays extended beyond their original reservation period, and the overall Account capacity is taken into consideration. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. For more information on the application of the limit, please refer to the Employee Card Spending Limits Terms and Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, which will also be provided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this feature.Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.First Checked Bag Free - Medium VersionBenefit is limited to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold, Platinum or Reserve Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Cards. Reservation must include the Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number. Fee waiver also available for passengers traveling in the same reservation as the Basic Card Member. Maximum nine waivers per reservation. New Card Members and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Credit Card product will be eligible for the checked baggage fee waiver benefit after receiving their Card from American Express. The first checked bag fee waiver will only be applied on flight segments which originate on a Delta or Delta Connection® carrier when you check-in with Delta for both a Delta marketed and Delta operated flight. Waiver is only for normal bag fee, if any, for the first checked bag that is not overweight and not oversize under Delta's applicable rules as set forth in Delta's contract of carriage. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See delta.com/firstbagfree for details.FX International Payments - SecureFX International Payments incorporates encryption, both for stored data (such as account information) and for payments created and transmitted in real-time. The FX International Payments platform is deployed within American Express' state of the art data center that features advanced online and offline security and monitoring against internet attacks. FX International Payments implements American Express standards relating to information integrity, transaction security and information security.FX International Payments Live Exchange Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may not be available outside of business hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service is not available to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required to complete an application which is subject to review and approval by American Express. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 888-391-9971.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.In-Flight SavingsCard Members will receive a 20% savings in the form of a statement credit on eligible pre-purchased meals, and in-flight purchases of food, alcoholic beverages and audio headsets, on Delta-operated flights. Savings do not apply to any other in-flight purchases, such as in-flight wireless internet access, and associated services, and charitable contributions. To receive the savings, Card Members must use their Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from American Express to complete the in-flight purchase. Savings will appear as a statement credit 6-8 weeks after the transaction is posted to the Card Member's Card account. Offer is subject to change without notice. Additional terms, conditions, and restrictions may apply. See http://delta.com/mycardcan for details.Medallion Qualification Dollar WaiverIf the Medallion Qualification Dollar (MQD) threshold is not met for a Qualification Year, you can still qualify for Platinum, Gold and Silver Medallion Status if you have earned the required Medallion Qualification Miles (MQMs) or Medallion Qualification Segments (MQSs) and make at least $25,000 in Eligible Purchases within that Qualification Year on your Eligible Card. If the MQD threshold is not met for a Qualification Year, you can qualify for Diamond Medallion Status if you have earned the required MQMs or MQSs and spend at least $250,000 in eligible purchases within that Qualification Year on your Eligible Card. A Qualification Year is from January 1 to December 31 of a given year. The close of the Qualification Year is December 31, without regard to the time of the year that the credit card account is opened. This means that for the first year of Card Membership, the Card Member's Eligible Purchase period may be less than twelve months. Eligible Purchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible Purchases do NOT include fees, interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers' checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Eligible purchases may fall outside of the Qualification Year in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). This may result in a delay in receiving the MQD waiver. You can confirm whether you have met the Eligible Purchase threshold for the MQD Waiver by logging into your SkyMiles account on delta.com or in the Fly Delta app. Eligible Purchases made by Additional Card Members on the Basic Card Member's Eligible Card will count toward the Eligible Purchase threshold. For purposes of calculating the Eligible Purchase threshold, Eligible Purchases will be combined across multiple Eligible Cards of the Basic Card Member if those Card accounts are linked to the same SkyMiles number. Eligible Cards are the following: Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles, Delta Reserve Credit Card, Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card from American Express. The Blue Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card is not eligible for the MQD Waiver. However, if you have another Delta SkyMiles Credit Card with the MQD Waiver benefit in addition to your Delta Blue SkyMiles Credit Card, Eligible Purchases made on the Blue Delta SkyMiles Credit Card will continue to count towards the MQD Waiver. This benefit extends to Basic Card Members only (Additional Card Members are not eligible). Offer terms and conditions subject to change.No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.Pay with MilesProgram is limited to Basic (not Additional) Gold and Platinum Delta SkyMiles and Delta Reserve Credit Card Members, as well as to Gold and Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card Members and Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card Members. New Card Members are eligible to use Pay with Miles upon receipt of their Card. Eligible only on Delta and Delta Connection® carrier-operated and ticketed flights booked at delta.com. Not available on other codeshare flights. Eligible flights for this program will be marked as Pay with Miles eligible. Miles redemptions must be in 5,000 mile increments, with a minimum of 5,000 miles for redemption, and the number of miles redeemed will be rounded up to the nearest 5,000 mile increment, as applicable. Use your Delta SkyMiles Credit Card to pay for the remaining ticket price when using Pay with Miles. Five thousand miles generally provides $50 of value. However, you may receive less value per mile if the cost of a ticket you choose to cover entirely with miles is not a multiple of $50. All Pay with Miles tickets will earn mileage, and will earn Medallion Qualification Dollars, for the portion of the base fare and carrier-imposed surcharges remaining that is paid in currency after miles are applied to the ticket total. Mileage redemption will be applied toward the base fare and carrier-imposed surcharges prior to being applied toward taxes and fees. In addition, all Pay with Miles tickets are eligible for Medallion Qualification Segments, and Medallion Qualification Miles. Pay with Miles tickets are not eligible for Best Fare Guarantee and may not be combined with any other forms of mileage redemption, such as Award Travel tickets. Medallion Complimentary Upgrades on Pay with Miles tickets are subject to availability and may not be eligible on all flights. Except for tickets refunded under Delta’s Risk Free Cancellation policy, miles redeemed with Pay with Miles cannot be re-deposited in the member’s SkyMiles Account – even for fully refundable fares. Residual value for a changed or cancelled ticket will be issued as an e-certificate applicable to future Delta purchases. For terms, conditions, and restrictions, visit delta.com/paywithmiles.Premium Roadside AssistancePremium Roadside Assistance provides the following services at no additional cost up to 4 times per calendar year when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle: towing up to 10 miles, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Card Member will be charged for the costs of towing in excess of 10 miles and any other additional services. Coverage is available in the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. In case of inclement weather, we may be unable to provide you with services. Services may not be available or may be at the cost of the Card Member on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.Priority BoardingCard Members are entitled to receive Zone 1 Priority Boarding on Delta flights. Benefit is limited to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold, Platinum or Reserve Delta SkyMiles Credit Cards. Reservation must include the Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number. Priority Boarding is also available for passengers traveling in the same reservation as the Basic Card Member. Maximum nine passengers per reservation receive the Priority Boarding. Priority Boarding will only be available on Delta and Delta Connection carrier operated flights. Delta does not offer Priority Boarding on Delta Shuttle® flights. New Card Members and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Credit Card product from American Express will be eligible for the Priority Boarding benefit after receiving their Card from American Express. Offer is subject to change without notice. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See delta.com/mycardcan for details.Priority CheckpointCard Members are entitled to enter the expedited Sky Priority security line with their printed boarding pass at participating airports. The indicator displays as "PRIORITY CHKPOINT" underneath the passenger name unless member is also enrolled in the TSA Pre✓® program. If Card Member is already enrolled in TSA Pre✓® program, access to the designated TSA Pre✓® line will automatically supersede access to the Sky Priority security line. Benefit is limited to the Delta Reserve SkyMiles Credit Card and the Delta Reserve for Business SkyMiles Credit Card. Reservation must include the Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number. Priority Checkpoint is also available for passengers traveling on the same reservation as the Basic Card Member. Priority Checkpoint will only be available on Delta and Delta Connection carrier operated flights. Terms and limitations apply. For most up to date participating airports please visit www.delta.com/prioritycheckpointlines. Subject to change without notice.Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.Rewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, conditions and restrictions vary by individual Card products.Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.SkyMiles GeneralAll SkyMiles program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption, and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Partner airline benefits are subject to change and subject to the terms and conditions of each partner. Partner offers are subject to the terms and conditions of each individual offer. Offers are void where prohibited by law. Offers are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.Spend ManagerSpend ManagerSM is a feature of American Express Business and Corporate Cards. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed. Receipts will be stored until the earliest of the following: (1) seven years from the end of the year that the receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that your online account is closed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, American Express may delete or purge receipts for any reason in its sole discretion, with or without notice.Spend Manager and Connect to QuickBooksSpend ManagerSM and Connect to QuickBooks® are two separate business tools available with Business Cards from American Express OPEN that were created to work together. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed in your QuickBooks. You must enroll in Connect to QuickBooks from your American Express online account. Connect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online. For details about Spend ManagerSM, go to www.open.com/spendmanager. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Spend Manager Mobile AppThe Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available with American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Not all functionality is available with Corporate Cards. The Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available on the App Store(R) and Google Play™. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.Upgrade PriorityUpgrade Priority within the same Medallion tier and fare class is applicable only to Basic Card Member and within the Complimentary Medallion Upgrade Program. Reserve Upgrade priority does not apply to the Airport Paid Standby Program and Mileage Award Upgrades.Year–End SummaryThe Online Year–End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as damages to other vehicles or property, or injury to other persons. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.