Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGE
SAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases17.24% to 26.24%, based on your credi
tworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening. This
 APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers
17.24% to  26.24% APR on balance transfers requested within 60 days of account o
pening based on your creditworthiness and other factors.This APR will vary with 
the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary
 with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When it Applies29.99%Th
is APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied
 to new transactions on your account if:1) you make one or more late payments; o
r2) your payment is returned by your bankWe may also consider your creditworthin
ess in determining whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.How L
ong Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for
 at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR 
is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made tim
ely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.Payin
g InterestYour due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing peri
od. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your enti
re balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) 
by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance tr
ansfers on the transaction date.Plan Fee  (Fixed Finance Charge) Up to 1.17% of 
each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would o
therwise apply to the purchase and other factors.For Credit Card Tips from the C
onsumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmoreFeesAnnual Members
hip Fee$0Transaction Fees Cash AdvanceEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash
 advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction2.7% of each transaction after
 conversion to US dollars.Penalty Fees Late PaymentUp to $38Returned PaymentUp t
o $38OverlimitNoneHow We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "av
erage daily balance (including new purchases)."Loss of Introductory APR: We may 
end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least t
he Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Payment Due Date. The variable p
enalty APR will not exceed 29.99%. Variable APRs for each billing period are bas
ed on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of
 the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on t
hat day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was
 published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that ca
se, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Pr
ime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the f
irst day of the billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 03/22/2018. TER
MS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement.By submitting this applica
tion, you are requesting us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s)
 as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. 
This offer is available to US Residents.You promise that the information you pro
vide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this informatio
n and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and o
ur affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any tim
e for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, w
e will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address o
f the agency that provided it. When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Ca
rd), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided t
o you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restr
icts your opportunity to have claims related to the account heard in court or re
solved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding.  W
e may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this
 in response to the business, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some
 terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if
 you have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during th
e first year of your Card Membership. Additional Cards: Additional Card Members 
do not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subject to the terms 
of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsible for all use of your Account by
 Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay
 for all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members inf
ormation about your Account and to discuss it with them. Patriot Act Notice: Fed
eral law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record inform
ation that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, add
ress, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your iden
tity. Balance Transfers: Only balance transfers from accounts in your name reque
sted within 60 days from the date of account opening will be approved. We will c
harge your Card account for the total approved amount of all balance transfers. 
No transfer will be processed if: (1) any requested transfer is less than $100; 
(2) the total amount of all requested transfers exceeds the lesser of $7,500 or 
75% of your credit limit; or (3) charging the requested transfers to your Card a
ccount would cause your total account balance to exceed your credit limit. We wi
ll not initiate any balance transfer until at least ten days after we have maile
d or otherwise provided the Card Member Agreement to you. In some cases, it may 
take up to six weeks to complete a balance transfer. Please be sure to make all 
required payments on any account from which you are transferring a balance until
 the balance transfer is credited to that account. You authorize us to verify th
e balance of such accounts. You may not transfer balances from any account issue
d by American Express or any of its affiliates. Additional Card Members may not 
request or authorize balance transfers. Your balance transfer request may be dec
lined if any of your American Express accounts are not in good standing. Notice 
to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marital property agreement, 
unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act wil
l adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is gra
nted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given c
omplete information about the agreement or decree.  New York Residents: New York
 residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by te
lephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rat
es, fees, and grace periods. New York State Department of Financial Services 1-8
00-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govNotice to California Residents: An Applicant, if ma
rried, may apply for a separate account.Cash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a
 Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at particip
ating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will
 send you a letter confirming your PIN.The trademarks Delta, SkyMiles, and the D
elta logo are exclusive property of Delta Air Lines, Inc. The trademarks are reg
istered, or registrations are applied for, in countries of the world served by D
elta. © 2018. All SkyMiles program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, m
iles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption and travel benefits. To review the r
ules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Offers void where prohibited by law. O
ffers are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.Notice to D
elaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will 
be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon Res
idents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged 
on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minim
um payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to Oh
io Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors ma
ke credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit repo
rting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon reques
t. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.The Blu
e Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card is issued by an American Express bank. ©2018 Ameri
can Express. All rights reserved.POID CH8K:0001OFFER TERMSWelcome bonus offer no
t available to applicants who have or have had this product or the Delta SkyMile
s® Options Credit Card. Welcome bonus offer not available to applicants who curr
ently have or have had one of the following products in the last 90 days: Delta 
SkyMiles Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles C
redit Card, or Delta Reserve® Credit Card.To qualify for the 10,000 bonus miles,
 you must make eligible purchases with your Blue Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card tha
t total $500 or more (the "Threshold Amount") within your first 3 months of Card
 Membership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, 
your period to spend $500 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in re
ceiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in som
e cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the pu
rchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you
 buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Eli
gible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Mem
bers on a single Card account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and se
rvices minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases to meet the Threshold
 Amount do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advance
s, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purc
hases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of any cash equival
ents. Miles will be credited to your account 6-8 weeks after you reach the Thres
hold Amount. If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abu
se, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome bonus offer in any way or t
hat you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to ob
tain a welcome bonus offer(s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or d
owngrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or r
eturn purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit Miles 
to your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts yo
u may have with us. Additional Card Members on your account are not eligible for
 this offer. To receive the 10,000 bonus miles, your Card account must not be ca
nceled or past due at the time of fulfillment. American Express reserves the rig
ht to modify or revoke offer at any time.BENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and
 services are subject to change or cancellation.Account ManagerAccount Managers 
must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Securit
y Number.Additional CardsAdditional Card Members must be at least 13 years of ag
e and never have had a defaulted account with American Express.American Express 
Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively t
o all American Express® Card Members(including Prepaid and International Cards).
 Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and 
International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availa
bility. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. N
o refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole
 discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Membe
rs with disabilities.Amex Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app features are av
ailable only for eligible Card accounts in the United States. American Express® 
prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.
To log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and password or cr
eate one in the app.Amex Mobile appiOS and Android only. See app store listings 
for operating system infoAward TravelTaxes and fees for Award Travel are the res
ponsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the ticket is booked. 
Award Travel seats are limited and may not be available on all flights or in all
 markets.Delta No Blackout DatesAlthough blackout dates have been eliminated on 
Delta flights, blackout dates may apply on partner flights and are defined by in
dividual partner carriers.Delta SkyMiles MarketPlaceSkyMiles Marketplace is for 
use only by SkyMiles Medallion® members or customers that have a U.S. issued Del
ta SkyMiles Credit Card from American Express. All redemption offers and awards 
are subject to change and to the terms and conditions of each individual merchan
t. Offers, rules and participating merchants are subject to change without notic
e. All SkyMiles Marketplace rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta
.com/memberguide.Destination FamilyValid for new bookings made through American 
Express Travel and eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies with participatin
g travel providers: Abercrombie &amp; Kent, Royal Caribbean International, Regen
t Seven Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider. Paymen
t must be made with an American Express Card. Program benefits may not be availa
ble to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member must trave
l on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit package per booking. May not be combine
d with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits are subj
ect to change. Benefits listed are non- transferable, subject to availability, a
nd cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. Available to all U.S. American Express
 Corporate, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes 
are resolved in the Card Member's favor.Earn 1 MileBonus miles will be posted to
 your Delta SkyMiles account 8 to 12 weeks after the end of each month. To be el
igible to earn bonus miles, Card Member's account must not be canceled or past d
ue at time of bonus fulfillment. Fees, interest charges, balance transfers (bala
nce transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash 
advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-per
son payments, the purchase or reloading of prepaid cards and purchases of other 
cash equivalents do not earn miles.Earn 2 Miles at US RestaurantsYou will earn o
ne mile for each dollar charged for an eligible purchase in each billing period 
on your Blue Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card. You will get: 1 additional mile (for a
 total of 2 miles) for each dollar charged at restaurants located in the U.S. To
 get additional miles for a restaurant purchase, the purchase must be at a resta
urant located in the United States. You will NOT get additional miles for purcha
ses made at a restaurant owned by a U.S. company but located outside the U.S. (e
.g. Hard Rock Café in Paris). You also will NOT get additional miles for purchas
es at nightclubs, convenience stores, grocery stores, or supermarkets. You may n
ot get additional miles for purchases at a restaurant located within another est
ablishment (e.g. a restaurant inside a hotel, casino, or event venue). For examp
le, purchases made at a restaurant located within a hotel may be recognized as a
 purchase at a hotel, not a restaurant. Eligible purchases are purchases for goo
ds and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT inclu
de fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of trav
elers checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, purchases or r
eloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional te
rms and restrictions apply. Merchants are assigned codes based on what they prim
arily sell. A purchase will not qualify for additional miles if the merchant's c
ode is not eligible. Purchases made through a third-party payment account or on 
an online marketplace (with multiple retailers) will not qualify for additional 
miles. A purchase may not qualify for additional miles if the merchant submits t
he purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or dig
ital wallet.Earn 2 Miles on Delta PurchasesFor each dollar charged on an eligibl
e purchase in each billing period on your Card from American Express, you earn 1
 mile. You earn 1 additional mile (for a total of 2 miles) on each dollar of eli
gible purchases made directly with Delta ("Delta purchases"). Delta purchases ar
e eligible purchases where Delta is the merchant of record, such as purchases vi
a delta.com, phone reservations, or ticket counters, such as upgrades, miles, se
at selection, Delta Sky Club® membership or passes, and pre-purchased meals, and
 in-flight purchases of food, alcoholic beverages and audio headsets on Delta-op
erated flights (eligible purchases do not include any other in-flight purchases,
 such as in-flight wireless internet access, and associated services, and charit
able contributions). Delta purchases include Delta Vacation® packages but not ot
her all-inclusive packages. Delta purchases include purchases of qualifying Delt
a, Delta Connection® carrier and Delta Shuttle® flights taken with the purchase 
of a fare that is eligible for SkyMiles mileage credit. Additional miles earned 
for Delta flight purchases made with the Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from America
n Express will be based on the total ticket price, including base fare, carrier-
imposed surcharges and government-imposed taxes and fees. Eligible purchases mea
n purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible pur
chases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers (balance trans
fers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances,
 purchases of travelers checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person paymen
ts, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivale
nts. Bonus miles will be posted to your Delta SkyMiles account 8 to 12 weeks aft
er the end of each month. To be eligible to receive miles, your Card account mus
t not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment. This offer is subject 
to change without notice.Earn Medallion StatusMedallion Qualification Miles rece
ived in 2018 above member's received Medallion threshold level will be rolled ov
er to 2019 and will count toward 2020 Medallion status qualification. In additio
n, all Medallion Qualification Miles earned between January 1 and December 31, 2
018, will count towards 2019 Medallion status.Entertainment Access®Offer valid i
n select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclus
ively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International
 Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prep
aid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject t
o availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales 
final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at 
the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Ca
rd Members with disabilities.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline 
coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from Am
erican Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-part
y service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAte
rms.In-Flight SavingsCard Members will receive a 20% savings in the form of a st
atement credit on eligible pre-purchased meals, and in-flight purchases of food,
 alcoholic beverages and audio headsets, on Delta-operated flights. Savings do n
ot apply to any other in-flight purchases, such as in-flight wireless internet a
ccess, and associated services, and charitable contributions. To receive the sav
ings, Card Members must use their Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from American Expre
ss to complete the in-flight purchase. Savings will appear as a statement credit
 6-8 weeks after the transaction is posted to the Card Member's Card account. Of
fer is subject to change without notice. Additional terms, conditions, and restr
ictions may apply. See http://delta.com/mycardcan for details.Instant Card Numbe
rInstant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly validate y
our identity. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an i
nstant account number that you can use virtually anywhere American Express is ac
cepted and a physical card will not be required. You may not have access to your
 full credit line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after you confirm r
eceipt of your physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 business days of acc
ount approval.Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid hotel
 rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the 
same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, bef
ore taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitte
d prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guaranteed" 
policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes
 (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including,
 but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, governm
ent/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked thro
ugh or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, ro
oms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaqu
e websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reserva
tion is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or
 bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entert
ainment, and (4) rates booked through the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS program. Det
ailsMedallion Status UpgradesSeat upgrades are subject to limited availability a
nd may not be available on all flights or in all markets.Pay ItPay ItSM is only 
available in the American Express Mobile app for your eligible Account. With the
 Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a billed purchase
 less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to that billed purcha
se but to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we apply payments.Your
 account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or Additional Car
d Member of a Credit Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of America
n Express that is not cancelled. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Ch
arge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Ca
rds and American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financ
ial institutions are not eligible.Plan ItPlan ItSM allows you to create up to 10
 active payment plans for qualifying purchases of $100 or more, subject to a pla
n fee. This fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged each month that a
 plan is active.You may use this feature by selecting a qualifying purchase and 
a plan duration. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your American Expres
s online account or American Express Mobile for your eligible Account. Qualifyin
g purchases do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents, purchases subj
ect to Foreign Transaction Fees or any fee owed to us, including Annual Membersh
ip fees.Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety of factors such 
as your creditworthiness or your credit limit. You will not be able to create pl
ans if your Account is canceled. You will not be able to create plans if one or 
more of your American Express accounts is enrolled into a debt management progra
m, or has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is delinquent. The number of act
ive plans and plan durations offered to you will be at our discretion and will b
e based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, the purchase amou
nt, and your Account history.Plan It is available to Credit Card accounts issued
 by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Only the Basic Card Member or
 Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Account can select a qualifying purchase f
or Plan It. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Charge Cards, American 
Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Expr
ess-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are 
not eligible.Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purc
hase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limi
ted to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 
per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shippin
g and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible i
f they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to 
the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are no
t eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer softw
are, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in th
e 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. V
irgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands,
 Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purch
ased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Ret
urn Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusio
ns. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.Roadside Assi
stance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can
 send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Roa
dside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, the Card Member w
ill be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can
 provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change
 when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle a
nd delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling wi
thin the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the
 U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with the eligible vehi
cle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycle
s, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehi
cle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you wi
th coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weather or on roadw
ays which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be u
navailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important t
erms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-115
6 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.ShopRunnerShopRunner Benefit Terms and Cond
itions Enrolling in the Benefit. To get the free ShopRunner membership benefit c
ompliments of American Express (the "benefit"), you must go to www.shoprunner.co
m/americanexpress and verify your eligibility for the benefit with an eligible C
ard account number and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner membership acc
ount ("ShopRunner account"). For details on how the ShopRunner membership works,
 please see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.shoprunner.com/te
rms/sr/ which govern the use of your ShopRunner membership benefit. You may also
 be able to enroll in this benefit through access provided to ShopRunner at part
icipating online stores or through an email provided by American Express if it h
as determined that you have an eligible Card. An "eligible Card" means an Americ
an Express U.S. Consumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card that is not can
celled and that is issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Expres
s. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards and American Exp
ress-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are
 not eligible. ShopRunner will verify with American Express the eligibility of y
our Credit or Charge Card account number for the benefit. Maintaining the Benefi
t. To maintain this benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must maintain an eli
gible Card. The benefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner account if you do no
t have an eligible Card. You can maintain only one benefit per eligible Card. Du
ring your enrollment in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Express will verify
 your benefit eligibility. Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Memberships. If you 
enroll in the benefit and sign up with an existing ShopRunner account, ShopRunne
r will cancel the term of your existing ShopRunner account. If you paid a fee fo
r any unused portion of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRunner will provid
e you with a pro rata refund for that portion in accordance with ShopRunner's re
fund policy. The refund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after enrollment and 
will be issued to the payment method you used to pay the fee. If a portion of th
e cancelled term of membership was promotional or free, the free period will be 
cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by you. If you currently have a free or pr
omotional membership on your ShopRunner account, you should consider whether to 
enroll in the benefit at this time.General Terms. An eligible Card can be used t
o verify eligibility for only one benefit enrollment. American Express may recei
ve and use your personal data from ShopRunner, which may include personally iden
tifiable information and Credit Card information, to determine eligibility and f
urther develop features and services related to the benefit. American Express ma
y send you emails regarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any information Ame
rican Express collects from you or from ShopRunner shall be governed by the Amer
ican Express Online Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpress.com/privacy).
 American Express may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminate this benefit 
at any time. You can review these Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting h
ttps://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.SkyMiles GeneralAll SkyMiles program rules
 apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redempt
ion, and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguid
e. Partner airline benefits are subject to change and subject to the terms and c
onditions of each partner. Partner offers are subject to the terms and condition
s of each individual offer. Offers are void where prohibited by law. Offers are 
subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.SkyMiles Online Aucti
onAll SkyMiles Online Auction rules apply, visit delta.com/skymilesauction for m
ore details. All Delta SkyMiles program rules apply. To review the rules, please
 visit delta.com/memberguide. Offers, prices and rules are subject to change wit
hout notice. Offers void where prohibited by law. Additional restrictions may ap
ply.Spending LimitsWhen you request that we apply a limit as described below on 
Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to thes
e terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the ter
ms of your Card Member Agreement.At your request, we may agree to apply a limit 
to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are ch
arged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Memb
ers on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total
 dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, 
that are made using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additiona
l Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guaran
tee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash acces
s transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not tak
e into account any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), e
ven if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any re
quest that we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing per
iod. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior
 to the date during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject
 to the limit for that billing period.Because of systems or administrative consi
derations, arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, b
ut are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (co
llectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay a
ll Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree t
hat we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to 
any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. Whi
le we typically require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and s
ubmit final transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit ma
y not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization 
for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of
 the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not 
submitted or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Exam
ples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in d
uty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline 
ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reserv
ation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basi
s; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incu
rred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or oth
er fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant
 tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing per
iod, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that bill
ing period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for
 travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.The 
Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Lim
it is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject
 to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions.The American Express Au
to Purchasing Program DisclosureFor a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings
 represents the amount that a Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off
 the MSRP on any in-stock vehicle that is the same make, model, and trim as your
 Configured Vehicle. The Guaranteed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is based
 on a vehicle without factory or dealer installed options and includes generally
 available manufacturer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savi
ngs represents the amount that the Certified Dealer guarantees that you will sav
e off the MSRP of the vehicle with the specific VIN listed and includes savings 
on factory-installed options. If you change your vehicle or the optional feature
s, it will change your savings. For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.t
ruecar.com.Year-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in J
anuary, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through Decembe
r 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important informa
tion on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideCar Rental Loss and
 Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX As
surance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy 
AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, th
e Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam 
under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of Americ
an Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Min
or Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclus
ions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notic
e. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies f
or the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. 
Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to r
ent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. o
ff-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Con
ditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible b
enefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides c
ollision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries
 to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or dama
ges to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanex
press.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX 
Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Polic
y AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the
 Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam u
nder Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of America
n Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Min
or Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclus
ions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notic
e. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty ca
n extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five
 years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original man
ufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year i
f the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipp
ing and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases 
are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural 
disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other import
ant exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your 
eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence
; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may b
e required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you
 for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/
EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance
 Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-
PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is 
underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Poli
cy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, 
Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlyin
g Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of th
e Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This do
cument does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs fo
r the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. ite
ms lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles 
and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusi
ons apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible C
ard; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per 
Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased
 item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This pr
oduct provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid
 by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see amer
icanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is un
derwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under P
olicy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For resident
s of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limit
ed, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not available to residen
ts of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau an
d the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions
, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to chang
e with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be co
vered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, 
train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare co
st for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional 
Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Memb
ership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entir
e fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points fro
m another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. P
lease read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eli
gible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible c
ard that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see ameri
canexpress.com/TAIterms.