Lowe's Business Rewards Card  Benefits & DetailsLowe's Rewards and Benefits for your business
Lowe's ProServicesAccess benefits with Lowe's ProServices, including Discounted Delivery, Bulk Rate Pricing, and the Business Replenishment Program.5% Off Every Day at Lowe's5% Off Every Day at Lowe's on eligible Lowe's Purchases.‡Customer Service and 24/7 support, whenever you need us
Global Assist® Hotline‡Whenever you travel more than 100 miles from home, you may be eligible for 24/7 emergency assistance and coordination services , including medical, legal, and passport referrals, emergency cash wires, and missing luggage assistance.
Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. Other terms and conditions apply.Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, You can be covered for Damage to or Theft of a Rental Vehicle in a Covered Territory when You use your Eligible Card to reserve and pay for the Entire Rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the Rental Company counter.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.
Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered.
Coverage is not available for vehicles rented in Australia, Italy and New Zealand.
This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Expense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses
Employee CardsThere is no annual fee for each Employee Lowe's Business Rewards Card.
Plus, get rewarded for purchases your employees make with a Business Card from American Express.
‡Account ManagerWhen you designate an Account Manager, you can allow trusted individuals - like an assistant or business partner - to access and manage your Business Card account.
So you can trust your Account Manager to get the work done when you can't be there.‡American Express® Business AppSimplify the way you and your employees manage Business Card receipts with the American Express® Business App.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help avoid late payments, spot irregular spending, and monitor Employee Card use.Year-End SummaryOrganizing your finances can be a time-consuming task.
That's why we provided a Year-End Summary of charges as one of the many features of managing your account online.
You can analyze your annual expenses in pie or bar charts by categories like travel and restaurants.
You can also download your information to print or save for a later date in PDF or Excel.
With your charges itemized in one place, the Online Year-End Summary is a great tool you can rely on to help prepare for your taxes and manage your spending.
Learn more at americanexpress.com/yes.
‡Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.American Express® AppEasily manage your account, pay your bill, check your balance, view your benefits and more from your mobile phone or tablet.Vendor Pay by Bill.com‡You can make the most out of paying your business bills.
Improve your cash flow and take advantage of Card benefits when you use your Card to pay bills with Vendor Pay by Bill.com.Take advantage of Vendor Pay by Bill.com by enrolling your Card.
The Basic plan has no monthly fee for the first user and no fee for a second user for six months.
 After six months, the second user will have a fee of $15 per month.Even More Benefits for Card Members
Dispute ResolutionIf there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement, American Express will work with you to help resolve the issue.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding.
With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone.
Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.