Marriott Bonvoy BusinessTM American Express® CardThe business card that works as hard as you do$125 Annual Fee (If application received before 03/28/19, $0 intro annual fee for the first year, then $95†)¤APR on purchases will be a variable rate, currently 17.99% - 26.99%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.¤Earn 100,000 bonus Marriott Bonvoy points  after you use your new Card to make $5,000 in purchases within the first 3 months. Offer ends 04/24/2019.†Reviews(163)











Read Marriott Bonvoy BusinessTM American Express® Card ReviewsApply♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesMarriott Bonvoy BusinessTM American Express® CardThe business card that works as hard as you doHighlights6X Marriott Bonvoy points at participating Marriott Bonvoy hotels‡Free Night Award‡Complimentary Marriott Bonvoy Silver Elite Status‡OffersEarn 100,000 bonus Marriott Bonvoy pointsafter you use your new Card to make $5,000 in purchases within the first 3 months. Offer ends 04/24/2019.†Fees$125 Annual Fee(If application received before 03/28/19, $0 intro annual fee for the first year, then $95†)¤APR on purchases will be a variable rate, currently 17.99% - 26.99%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.¤Featured Marriott Bonvoy BusinessTM American Express® Card BenefitsBe a Marriot Bonvoy BusinessTM MemberMake business purchases even more rewarding.6X pointsfor each dollar of eligible purchases at participating Marriott Bonvoy hotels.‡4X pointsfor each dollar of eligible purchases at U.S. restaurants, at U.S. gas stations, on wireless telephone services purchased directly from U.S. service providers & on U.S. purchases for shipping.‡2X pointson all other eligible purchases.‡Marriott Bonvoy BusinessTM American Express® Card  Benefits & DetailsTravel & Transportation perks and protection when you're doing business on the road








Redeem for Free NightsEarn free nights at over 6,700 participating Marriott Bonvoy hotels. Some hotels and resorts may have mandatory service charges.‡Marriott Bonvoy Air+Car Transfer ProgramRedeem Marriott Bonvoy points for flights or car rentals with Air+Car, across hundreds of travel partners around the world. Transfer your points to over 40 airline frequent flyer programs, mostly at a ratio of three points to one mile.‡Complimentary Silver Elite StatusEnjoy complimentary Marriott Bonvoy Silver Elite status with your Card.‡ Plus, spend $35,000 on eligible purchases on your Card in a calendar year and earn an upgrade to Marriott Bonvoy Gold Elite status through the end of the next calendar year.‡Free Night AwardRelax. This night is on us. Receive 1 Free Night Award every year after your Card account anniversary. Award can be used for one night (redemption level at or under 35,000 Marriott Bonvoy points) at a participating hotel. Certain hotels have resort fees.‡Premium On-property Internet Access + Boingo Wi-FiEnjoy complimentary in-room, premium Internet access while staying at participating Marriott Bonvoy hotels‡, and free, unlimited Wi-Fi on up to four devices at more than 1,000,000 hotspots worldwide with the Boingo American Express Preferred Plan. Boingo enrollment required.‡ Booking requirements apply for in-room Internet access.Elite Night CreditEach calendar year you can receive credit for 15 nights towards the next level of Marriott Bonvoy Elite status. Limit one 15 Elite Night Credit per Marriott Bonvoy member. Benefit is not exclusive to Cards offered by American Express. Terms apply.‡No Foreign Transaction FeesMarriott Bonvoy Card Members enjoy international travel without foreign transaction fees from American Express when using their Card on purchases abroad.‡¤Customer Service and 24/7 support, whenever you need us








Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎Travel more comfortably knowing you can be covered by the Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎ for eligible lost, damaged, or stolen baggage when you purchase the entire fare for a Common Carrier ticket (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) on your eligible Card. Coverage can be provided for up to $1,250 for carry-on baggage and up to $500 for checked baggage. For New York State residents, there is a $10,000 aggregate maximum limit for all Covered Persons per Covered Trip. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Travel Accident Insurance♦︎Travel Accident Insurance♦︎ can provide accidental death and dismemberment coverage while traveling on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) when the entire fare has been charged to the eligible Card. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Global Assist® Hotline‡When you travel more than 100 miles from home, you have 24/7 access to medical, legal, financial or other select emergency coordination and assistance services, including medical and legal referrals, assistance with cash wires, passport replacement, missing luggage and more. Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.Roadside Assistance Hotline‡Your car breaks down or blows a tire and you're stranded. Now what? Luckily you're a Card Member. Call the number on the back of your Card for Roadside Assistance Hotline‡. Coordination and assistance with obtaining emergency services like towing, changing a flat, or boosting a battery are a phone call away and you can use your Card to pay. And soon you'll be on your way. Third-party service costs are your responsibility. There are some vehicle exclusions and other important restrictions.Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, you can be covered if your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen when you use your eligible Card to reserve and pay for the entire eligible vehicle rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the rental car counter. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered. Coverage is not available in Australia, Italy, and New Zealand. This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Expense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses








Employee CardsAdd Employee Cards to earn rewards‡ on employee purchases and stay on top of expenses with spending limits‡, alerts, and summary reports. The Marriot Bonvoy BusinessTM Card offers an Employee Card option with no annual fee.Account ManagerWhen you designate an Account Manager, you can allow trusted individuals - like an assistant or business partner - to access and manage your Business Card account. So you can trust your Account Manager to get the work done when you can't be there.‡Spend ManagerSMSpend ManagerSM is an American Express Business and Corporate Card feature available to help you manage your Card expenses by allowing you to add receipts and notes to your transactions either via desktop or your mobile device.‡Connect to QuickBooks®Label and transfer your transaction data from your American Express Business Card online statement directly into your QuickBooks account after you enroll.‡Account AlertsAmerican Express Business Card Members can set Account Alerts to help avoid late payments, spot irregular spending, and monitor Employee Card use.Year-End SummaryAt the start of each year, we provide access to a Year-End Summary of charges so you can review your annual spending. Log into your American Express online account to view an interactive overview of your spending in pie or bar charts, organized by categories like travel and restaurants. You can also download your information to print or save for a later date in PDF or Excel to help prepare for your taxes and manage your spending.‡Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.American Express® AppEasily manage your account, pay your bill, check your balance, view your benefits and more from your mobile phone or tablet.Vendor Pay‡You can make the most out of paying your business bills. Improve your cash flow and take advantage of Card benefits when you use your Card to pay bills with Vendor Pay by Bill.com.Take advantage of Vendor Pay by Bill.com by enrolling your Card. With the Basic plan, there is no monthly fee for the first user. Additional fees may apply based on plan type and number of users.Even More Benefits for Card Members








Extended Warranty♦︎With Extended Warranty♦︎ you can shop with less worry knowing the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty can be extended up to two additional years*. Applies to warranties of 5 years or less that are eligible in the U.S. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.*For residents of Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands, Your coverage will match the original warranty period for warranties of less than one (1) year or provide one (1) additional year if the warranty is between one (1) and five (5) years.Purchase Protection♦︎When something you buy breaks or is stolen, Purchase Protection♦︎ can have you covered. Use your Card for eligible purchases, and your purchases can be protected from accidental damage or theft for up to 120 days* from the moment you buy them. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.*For residents of New York, Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands coverage duration is 90 days.Dispute ResolutionIf there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement, American Express will work with you to help resolve the issue.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding. With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone. Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.Apply by PhoneApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesApply by PhoneApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & Fees