PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO READ IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT RATES, FEES, AND OTHER CO
ST INFORMATION BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION.Important information regardin
g rates, fees, and other cost informationPayment InformationAll charges made on 
this charge card are due and payable when you receive your periodic statement (I
f you are not enrolled in the Pay Over Time feature).FeesAnnual Membership Fee$0
 for the first year, then $95Transaction Fees Foreign Transaction2.7% of each tr
ansaction after conversion to US dollars.Penalty Fees Late Payment$38 or 2.99% o
f any past due Pay in Full amount, whichever is greater.Returned Payment$38Infor
mation Regarding the Pay Over Time Feature.The standard Annual Percentage Rate (
APR) for Pay Over Time balances is currently 19.74% (Prime Rate + 14.99%). The p
enalty APR for Pay Over Time balances is currently 29.99% (Prime Rate + 25.99%).
 The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%. The standard APR and penalty A
PR will vary based on the Prime Rate. Variable APRs are accurate as of 03/22/201
8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement. By submitting this 
application, you, as an individual and the Authorizing Officer of the Company, (
a) are requesting us to open an Account in the name of the Company, (b) are requ
esting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be jointly and s
everally liable with the Company for all charges to the account, and (d) are REP
RESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIA
L OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be approved fo
r a Card Account. This offer is available to US Residents. When you use the Acco
unt (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreem
ent that will be provided to you for the Account. The Card Member Agreement incl
udes an arbitration provision, which impacts the opportunity to have claims rela
ted to the Account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a
 class action or similar proceeding. We may change the terms of, or add new term
s to, the Card Member Agreement at any time, subject to applicable law. We may a
pply any changed or new terms to any existing and future balances on your Accoun
t, subject to applicable law.    You promise that the information you provide on
 this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and t
o obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affi
liates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for m
arketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will 
tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the a
gency that provided it. Additional Cards: You must notify Additional Card Member
s that we may obtain, provide, and use information about them and that their use
 of your Account is subject to certain provisions of the Card Member Agreement. 
The maximum number of Additional Cards issued on each Account is 99. Patriot Act
 Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and r
ecord information that identifies each person who opens an account, including yo
ur name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to veri
fy your identity.   Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess 
of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month
 to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those pe
rmitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. 
You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding bal
ance, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discriminatio
n require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy 
customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories
 on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers c
ompliance with this law. The Business Green Rewards Card is issued by an America
n Express bank. ©2018 American Express. All rights reserved.POID CG9Z:0001OFFER 
TERMSWelcome bonus offer not available to applicants who have or have had this p
roduct.  Earn 5,000 Membership Rewards® points after your first purchase on the 
Card To be eligible to earn additional points, you must apply for the Business G
reen Rewards Card from American Express OPEN and be approved for the Business Gr
een Rewards Card. In addition you must (I) make your first eligible purchase* in
 the first 365 days of Card Membership on an eligible, enrolled Business Green R
ewards Card. Offer limited to 5,000 additional points per Card account. Your Car
d account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment of any off
ers. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time. 
You can earn 5,000 Membership Rewards® points after your first purchase on your 
Card in the first 365 days of Card Membership starting from the date your accoun
t is approved. In rare instances, your period to make your first purchase may be
 shorter than 365 days if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchas
es may fall outside of the 365 days period in some cases, such as a delay in mer
chants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the da
te you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase
 date may be the date the goods are shipped). The 5,000 additional points will b
e credited to your Membership Rewards® account 8-12 weeks after your first purch
ase on your Business Green Rewards Account. If we in our sole discretion determi
ne that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welc
ome bonus offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you appl
ied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer(s) that we did not int
end for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acqu
iring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Am
ount), we may not credit Membership Rewards points to, we may freeze Membership 
Rewards points credited to, or we may take away Membership Rewards points from y
our account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you ma
y have with us.*Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus re
turns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest char
ges, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, pu
rchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of any cash equiv
alents.Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit mem
bershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partners and availa
ble rewards are subject to change without notice.The value of Membership Rewards
 points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www
.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.Introductory Annual FeeThe introductory annual
 fee for the Business Green Rewards Card will be $0 for the first year of Card M
embership. After that the annual fee will be $95.BENEFIT TERMSThe following bene
fits and services are subject to change or cancellation.Account ManagerAccount M
anagers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social
 Security Number.American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, t
ickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (includin
g Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American E
xpress Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charge
s apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and black
out dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed
 or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events 
may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Connect to QuickBooksCon
nect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online and is available for use with Bu
siness Cards from American Express OPEN. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © In
tuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB l
ogo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes a
re resolved in the Card Member's favor.Employee Card Spending LimitsEmployee Car
d Spending Limits may be set up online or by calling the number on the back of y
our Card. The Spending Limit is not a guarantee that the Employee Card Member wi
ll be able to make purchases up to that limit. There are certain purchases where
 the limit does not apply, such as, for example, restaurant tips and hotel stays
 extended beyond their original reservation period, and the overall Account capa
city is taken into consideration. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to
 whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you
 or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Char
ges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. For more information on the app
lication of the limit, please refer to the Employee Card Spending Limits Terms a
nd Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, which will also be p
rovided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this feature.Entertainment Access®Of
fer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are avail
able exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and In
ternational Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (inc
luding Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer i
s subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply.
 All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at a
ny time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be acces
sible to Card Members with disabilities.Extra Membership Rewards® points at amex
travel.com2x Points Membership Rewards-enrolled Card Members get at least 1 Memb
ership Rewards® point for every eligible dollar spent on their Membership Reward
s program-enrolled American Express® Card. Those same Card Members will also get
 at least 1 additional point for each dollar of eligible travel purchases made o
n amextravel.com on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express C
ard. Eligible travel purchases include all travel purchases made with your Membe
rship Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card on amextravel.com, includi
ng air, prepaid hotels, vacation packages (flight + hotel packages) or cruise re
servations, minus returns and other credits. Platinum and Business Platinum Card
 Members are only eligible for 1 additional point on cruise reservations. Eligib
le travel purchases do NOT include car reservations, non-prepaid hotels, ticketi
ng service or other fees, or interest charges. Bonuses you may receive with your
 Card on other purchase categories or in connection with promotions or offers fr
om American Express may not be combined with this offer, such as 5X bonuses for 
Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members. Any portion of a charge that you el
ect to cover through redemption of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to 
receive points. If you have an Amex EveryDay Card product, additional points awa
rded under this offer will not be included in the extra points benefit. Addition
al points will be credited to the Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after f
inal payment is made.FX International Payments - SecureFX International Payments
 incorporates encryption, both for stored data (such as account information) and
 for payments created and transmitted in real-time. The FX International Payment
s platform is deployed within American Express' state of the art data center tha
t features advanced online and offline security and monitoring against internet 
attacks. FX International Payments implements American Express standards relatin
g to information integrity, transaction security and information security.FX Int
ernational Payments Live Exchange Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may not be
 available outside of business hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)FXIP- Stan
dard DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of American Express Travel
 Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service is not availa
ble to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required to co
mplete an application which is subject to review and approval by American Expres
s. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 888-391-9
971.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistan
ce services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Memb
ers are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For 
full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Lowest Hotel Rates Gu
aranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then fi
nd the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of chil
dren and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund yo
u the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the da
te of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guaranteed" policy applies only to online rates
 available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are no
t available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, gro
up, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen ra
tes/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent
 stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepst
akes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to
 see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotiona
l packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additiona
l amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, and (4) rates booked throu
gh the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS program. DetailsMembership Rewards® Pay With Po
intsTo use Pay with Points, you must charge your eligible purchase through Ameri
can Express Travel or through a Pay with Points authorized travel agency to a Me
mbership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Card. Eligible purchases th
rough American Express Travel or through a Pay with Points authorized Travel age
ncy exclude car reservations and non-prepaid hotels. Points will be debited from
 your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corresponding dollar amount wil
l be issued to the American Express Card account used. If points redeemed do not
 cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price will remain on the American 
Express Card account. Minimum redemption 5,000 points. See membershiprewards.com
/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and conditions. If a charge for 
a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time feature balance on your Linked Account
 (for example, the Extended Payment Option), the statement credit associated wit
h that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time feature balance. Instead 
the statement credit may be applied to your Pay in Full balance. If you believe 
this has occurred, please contact us by calling the number on the back of your C
ard.Membership Rewards® ProgramTerms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® 
program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participa
ting partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice. The va
lue of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them.
 To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.Membership Rewards® P
rogram - Transfer PointsEnrollment in a participating Frequent Flyer or Frequent
 Guest program is required. Airline tickets and guest rooms are subject to avail
ability. For each conversion of points into the Frequent Flyer program of a U.S.
 airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee of $99, will be charged
 to your Card account. We charge this fee to offset the federal excise tax we mu
st pay on such conversions. The fee may be more or less than the actual amount o
f the excise tax we pay on any individual conversion. We may offer you the optio
n to redeem points to cover this fee.No Interest ChargesIf you become eligible, 
you may be given the option to extend payment over time on certain charges using
 our Pay Over Time feature(s). If you use these features, you may accrue interes
t on any charges you choose to pay over time.No Preset Spending LimitNo preset s
pending limit does not mean unlimited spending. Purchasing power adjusts with yo
ur use of the Card, your payment history, credit record and financial resources 
known to us, and other factors.Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you
 for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card
. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a 
maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of
 purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. It
ems are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cann
ot be returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certai
n purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable ite
ms, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases 
must be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puert
o Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia,
 Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required
 to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that 
shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, condi
tions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPt
erms.Rewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, conditions and restrictions var
y by individual Card products.Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hot
line is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow operator or locksmith to 
assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available
 at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charged for any services or go
ods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the following services: towi
ng, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spar
e, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fue
l. Services are available when traveling within the 50 United States, the Distri
ct of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Ca
rd Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This product does not cover some
 vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tra
ctors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusion
s apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordination and assistance servic
es in case of inclement weather or on roadways which restrict access to certain 
service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transpon
der keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For 
full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.
Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acti
ng solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the acti
ons or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain supplie
rs pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other g
oals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more informa
tion please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Wa
shington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.Spend ManagerSpend ManagerSM is a feature 
of American Express Business and Corporate Cards. American Express is not respon
sible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed. Receipts will be s
tored until the earliest of the following: (1) seven years from the end of the y
ear that the receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that your online account is cl
osed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, American Express may delete or purge receip
ts for any reason in its sole discretion, with or without notice.Spend Manager a
nd Connect to QuickBooksSpend ManagerSM and Connect to QuickBooks® are two separ
ate business tools available with Business Cards from American Express OPEN that
 were created to work together. American Express is not responsible for the comp
leteness or accuracy of receipts displayed in your QuickBooks. You must enroll i
n Connect to QuickBooks from your American Express online account. Connect to Qu
ickBooks works with QuickBooks Online. For details about Spend ManagerSM, go to 
www.open.com/spendmanager. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All 
rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are regist
ered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Spend Manager Mobile AppThe Spend ManagerSM Mobile
 App is only available with American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Not a
ll functionality is available with Corporate Cards. The Spend ManagerSM Mobile A
pp is only available on the App Store(R) and Google Play™. Apple, the Apple logo
 and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other coun
tries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of G
oogle Inc.Tier One Program TermsLast Modified: January 2018 Tier One(R) Program 
The Tier One Program (the “Program”) offers additional benefits to certain busin
ess customers of American Express that (1) meet the Eligibility Requirements set
 forth below and (2) are selected by American Express to participate in the Prog
ram for the upcoming program year (April - March, a “Program Year”). Program ben
efits will be determined by American Express in its sole discretion and may vary
 from year to year. Eligibility Requirements In order to be considered for the P
rogram, a business must: be the business named on one or more U.S.- issued Busin
ess Charge Cards or Corporate Cards from American Express; have its billing addr
ess in the United States (including the District of Columbia, American Samoa, Ar
med Forces Pacific, Federated States of Micronesia, Guam, Marshall Islands, Nort
hern Mariana Islands, Palau, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands);  not hav
e been enrolled in the American Express CARE Program, or any other hardship prog
ram with American Express, nor have been subject to a Responsible Lending Action
 by American Express, during the previous calendar year (the preceding January 1
 – December 31, the “Previous Year”); not have any transitional recovery product
s from American Express during the Previous Year; not have any Business Card acc
ount that has been 30 days or more past due during the Previous Year; not have a
ny Corporate Card program, Business Travel Account or Buyer Initiated Payment pr
ogram with total 30 day or more past due balances exceeding 10% of total outstan
ding balance and exceeding $5,000 in total during the Previous Year;  have made 
eligible purchases* totaling $5 million or more in the aggregate in the Previous
 Year, across all of its American Express U.S.-issued: Business Charge Card and 
Business Credit Card Accounts (including purchases made by Additional Card Membe
rs), Corporate Card Accounts, and Business Travel Accounts, and through the Amer
ican Express Buyer Initiated Payments platform in the U.S. (the “Spending Requir
ement”).  *Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns
 and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, 
balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or re
loading of prepaid cards, Purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, or
 purchases of other cash equivalents. Product features vary. Not all of the fore
going transactions are available on every product that may be used to meet the S
pending Requirement.  We use the date of purchase to determine whether a purchas
e was made during the Previous Year. A date of purchase may sometimes be differe
nt from the date on which you made the transaction. For example, if you buy good
s online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped. Also, if you 
use your Card while traveling (such as on a hotel or car rental), the purchase d
ate may be the date you complete that travel. The foregoing are the “Eligibility
 Requirements”.Selection At the beginning of each calendar year, American Expres
s will (1) determine which businesses met the Eligibility Requirements in the Pr
evious Year, and, from that group, (2) identify the businesses that American Exp
ress, in its sole discretion, considers to be part of its middle market customer
 segment in the U.S. (“Eligible Middle Market Customers”). All Eligible Middle M
arket Customers will be included in the Program for the next Program Year, or un
til their participation in the Program is terminated in accordance with these Pr
ogram Terms.  Termination of Tier One Status A business’s participation in the P
rogram will automatically terminate upon the termination of its last American Ex
press U.S. Business Charge Card or Corporate Card account, or at the end of the 
Program Year if the business is not selected for the Program for the following P
rogram Year in accordance with these Program Terms. American Express may, in its
 sole discretion, terminate a business’s participation in the Program by written
 notice during the Program Year. American Express will have no further liability
 or obligation under the Program upon termination of a business’s participation 
in the Program. Participation in the Program, will not affect American Express’s
 maintenance of all Card accounts in accordance with its consistently applied ri
sk policies and practices, including but not limited to underwriting decisions s
uch as increasing or reducing spend capacity or lines of credit, and terminating
 accounts.  Interpretation Decisions of American Express with respect to the int
erpretation and application of these Program Terms – including decisions about a
 business’s eligibility for the Program – will be made by American Express in it
s sole discretion. If you have questions about your business’s eligibility for t
he Program, please call the number on the back of your Business Card or contact 
1-888-800-8564. Modification of Tier One Program Terms American Express reserves
 the right to modify these Program Terms at any time. We will indicate that chan
ges have been made by updating the “Last Modified” date above. Your continued pa
rticipation in the Program after the Program Terms have been modified constitute
s your agreement to the modified Program Terms. MODIFICATION &amp; CANCELLATION 
OF THE PROGRAM American Express reserves the right to modify or cancel the Progr
am at any time at its discretion without prior notice or liability to you.Using 
Points for ChargesUsing Points for Your Charges is only available to Basic Consu
mer and OPEN Card Members enrolled in the U.S. Membership Rewards® program. Addi
tional Card Members, Authorized Additional Card Members, and Corporate Card Memb
ers are not eligible. Account managers and Rewards managers may be eligible to u
se points by calling the number on the back of your Card but are not eligible to
 use points online. All Linked Card Accounts must be not be canceled, past due o
r have a returned payment outstanding. A minimum of 1,000 Membership Rewards poi
nts in your program Account is required and you may use Membership Rewards point
s only toward the entire amount of an eligible charge. American Express will pre
sent the eligible charges you can use points towards, and we may change which ch
arges are eligible at any time without notice. American Express is under no obli
gation to make charges available for redemption using Membership Rewards points.
 For each transaction, points will be debited immediately from your Membership R
ewards program Account and a credit will be issued to your Linked Card Account f
or the corresponding dollar amount within 48 hours. Credits processed after the 
Card Account‘s statement closing date will appear in the following billing perio
d. You are responsible for payment of the amount due on your Card Account by the
 due date even after using this feature. To learn about this feature and redeem 
points online, visit membershiprewards.com/yourcharges. (Please note that the sp
ecial mobile redemption offer referenced in this email is limited to mobile rede
mptions and is not valid for online or other redemption channels.)Year–End Summa
ryThe Online Year–End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges 
posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.
AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on policy terms, go 
to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan
 is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ u
nder Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For r
esidents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insuranc
e Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not availab
le to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Isla
nds, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the term
s, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is sub
ject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Pol
icies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrie
r (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means t
he full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic
 or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with Americ
an Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points progra
m for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer mile
s or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will no
t be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligi
ble benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggag
e, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full 
Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Rental Loss and Damag
e InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assuranc
e Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925
-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan
 is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under 
Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Sam
oa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Out
lying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions o
f the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. Thi
s document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the
 first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Covera
ge is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent ou
t their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g off-road
 vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions
. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits
 not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collisio
n damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you
, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to 
other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.c
om/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assuran
ce Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX095
3-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan i
s underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Po
licy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa
, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outl
ying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of
 the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This
 document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can exten
d the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years 
or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufactur
er's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year if the o
riginal manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping and
 handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not
 covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaste
r, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exc
lusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligibl
e Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not t
o exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be requi
red to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for th
at shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms
.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Compan
y, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Pol
icy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwr
itten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB
000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federat
ed States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islan
ds. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Polic
ies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document 
does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the p
urchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost
 by Card Member, consumable and perishable items and motorized vehicles and thei
r parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions appl
y. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; cov
erage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Mem
ber account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to
 us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product pr
ovides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any 
primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpr
ess.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritt
en by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX
0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU 
and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Haga
tna, Guam under CRCB000000111. This benefit is not available to residents of Ame
rican Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US 
Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exc
lusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with no
tice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, yo
u must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, sh
ip, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a 
Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Memb
er's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Re
wards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. I
f you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another
 program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please rea
d important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for
 claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that 
maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpres
s.com/TAIterms.