PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO READ IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT RATES, FEES, AND OTHER CO
ST INFORMATION BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION.Important information regardin
g rates, fees, and other cost informationINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGESAnnu
al Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases16.74% (Prime Rate + 11.99%), 18.74% (Prim
e Rate + 13.99%) or 20.74% (Prime Rate + 15.99%), based on your creditworthiness
 as determined at the time of account opening. This APR will vary with the marke
t based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74% (Prime Rate + 21.99%)This 
APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When It Ap
plies29.99% (Prime Rate + 25.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the
 Prime Rate.This APR will apply to your account if:1) You make 2 or more late pa
yments in a 12-month period;2) You do not pay the Minimum Payment due by the clo
sing date of the billing period in which it is due; or3) You make a payment that
 is returned.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied,
 it will apply for a minimum of 12 billing periods in a row, and will continue t
o apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments for
 12 billing periods in a row.Paying InterestYour due date is at least 25 days af
ter the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchas
es if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We will begin char
ging interest on cash advances on the transaction date.FeesAnnual Membership Fee
$195Transaction Fees Cash AdvanceEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash adva
nce, whichever is greater.Foreign TransactionNonePenalty Fees Late PaymentUp to 
$38OverlimitNoneReturned Payment$38How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a 
method called "average daily balance (including new purchases.)"Loss of Introduc
tory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you do n
ot pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Payment Due Dat
e. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%.Variable APRs for each billin
g period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the
 Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the
 Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the pre
vious day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will incr
ease. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment 
Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take ef
fect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of
 3/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement. By submitt
ing this application, you, as an individual and the Authorizing Officer of the C
ompany, (a) are requesting us to open an Account in the name of the Company, (b)
 are requesting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be join
tly and severally liable with the Company for all charges to the account, and (d
) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR 
COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be ap
proved for a Card Account. This offer is available to US Residents. When you use
 the Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Memb
er Agreement that will be provided to you for the Account. The Card Member Agree
ment includes an arbitration provision, which impacts the opportunity to have cl
aims related to the Account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to partici
pate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the terms of, or add
 new terms to, the Card Member Agreement at any time, subject to applicable law.
 We may apply any changed or new terms to any existing and future balances on yo
ur Account, subject to applicable law.    You promise that the information you p
rovide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this informat
ion and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and
 our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any t
ime for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request,
 we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address
 of the agency that provided it. Additional Cards: You must notify Additional Ca
rd Members that we may obtain, provide, and use information about them and that 
their use of your Account is subject to certain provisions of the Card Member Ag
reement. The maximum number of Additional Cards issued on each Account is 99. Pa
triot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, ver
ify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, inc
luding your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow u
s to verify your identity.   New York Residents: New York Residents may contact 
the New York state Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its we
bsite for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace per
iods. New York Department of Financial Services: 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.go
vCash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) t
o use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN fo
r cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.
SkyMiles is a Registered Trademark, Marca Registrada, Marque Deposee. Delta trad
emarks (including Delta and Delta logo) are registered, or registrations are app
lied for, in countries of the world served by Delta Air Lines, Inc. © 2018. All 
SkyMiles program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile
 accrual, mile redemption and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit
 delta.com/memberguide. Offers void where prohibited by law. Offers are subject 
to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.Notice to Delaware Residents:
 Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the 
outstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service ch
arges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding
 balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up
 to your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The 
Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally 
available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies mai
ntain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil 
rights commission administers compliance with this law. The Platinum Delta SkyMi
les® Business Credit Card from American Express is issued by American Express Na
tional Bank. ©2018 American Express National Bank.POID CC0Y:0001OFFER TERMSWelco
me bonus offer not available to applicants who have or have had this product.If 
we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or g
aming in connection with the welcome bonus offer in any way or that you intend t
o do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome b
onus offer (s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your a
ccount within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases
 you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit the welcome bonus to,
 we may freeze the welcome bonus credited to, or we may take away the welcome bo
nus from your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accou
nts you may have with us. 35,000 Bonus Miles and 5,000 MQMs To qualify for the 3
5,000 bonus miles and 5,000 Medallion® Qualification Miles you must make eligibl
e purchases with your Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card that total $
1,000 or more (the "Threshold Amount") within your first 3 months of Card Member
ship. Miles and MQMs will be credited to your account 6-8 weeks after you reach 
the Threshold Amount. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member an
d any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. Eligible purchases are p
urchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purcha
ses to meet the Threshold Amount do NOT include fees or interest charges, balanc
e transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Cre
dit Cards), cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloadin
g of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purch
ases of any cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account are not el
igible for this offer. To receive the 35,000 bonus miles and 5,000 Medallion® Qu
alification Miles your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time
 of fulfillment. You can earn 35,000 bonus miles and 5,000 Medallion® Qualificat
ion Miles after you spend $1,000 or more in qualifying purchases on your Card wi
thin your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account 
is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $1,000 may be shorter than 
3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall ou
tside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitti
ng transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the
 transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be th
e date the goods are shipped). Miles and MQMs will be credited to your account 6
-8 weeks after you reach the spend threshold. American Express reserves the righ
t to modify or revoke offer at any time. $100 Statement Credit One statement cre
dit for $100 will be issued to your Card account after a Delta purchase is charg
ed to your Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card within your first 3 mon
ths of Card Membership. Delta purchases to meet the first Delta purchase require
ment include those made by both the Basic and Additional Card Members on the Car
d Account. Purchase must be made directly through Delta. A purchase may not qual
ify for the statement credit if it is submitted under a merchant code that has n
ot been categorized as a Delta merchant code as of the date of the purchase(s). 
Credit will be issued as a Card Member statement credit approximately 8-12 weeks
 after your first Delta purchase. Additional Card Members on your account are no
t eligible for this offer. To receive the $100 statement credit, your Card accou
nt must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment. Purchases to mee
t the first Delta purchase requirement do NOT include fees or interest charges, 
balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Busine
ss Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or rel
oading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments or p
urchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply. You
 can earn a $100 statement credit after you make a Delta purchase on your Card w
ithin your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account
 is approved. In rare instances, your period to make your first Delta purchase m
ay be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, pu
rchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in
 merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from th
e date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purc
hase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Credit will be issued as a Car
d Member statement credit approximately 8-12 weeks after your first Delta purcha
se. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.BE
NEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and services are subject to change or cancella
tion.Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.
S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.American Express Presale(s)During 
the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Ex
press® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be
 purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Ca
rds). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all 
seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No ex
changes. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of A
merican Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabili
ties.Award TravelTaxes and fees for Award Travel are the responsibility of the p
assenger and must be paid at the time the ticket is booked.  Award Travel seats 
are limited and may not be available on all flights or in all markets.  Connect 
to QuickBooksConnect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online and is available
 for use with Business Cards from American Express OPEN. Any QuickBooks Online s
creen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBoo
ks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Delta No Blackout Da
tesAlthough blackout dates have been eliminated on Delta flights, blackout dates
 may apply on partner flights and are defined by individual partner carriers.Del
ta Platinum Companion Certificate at RenewalTaxes/fees/restrictions: Companion C
ertificate is valid for one round-trip Main Cabin Companion ticket with the paym
ent of applicable taxes and fees detailed below and the purchase of certain adul
t round-trip fares on published routings within the 48 contiguous United States.
 Residents of Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the United States Virgin Islands (U
SVI) must originate from there to the 48 contiguous United States and have an ad
dress on their SkyMiles account in Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the USVI. Each
 year, the Companion Certificate will be made available for redemption on delta.
com in your renewal month. Applicable government imposed taxes and fees vary and
 depend upon the number of flight segments included in the itinerary and are no 
more than $75 for roundtrip domestic flights (for itineraries with up to four fl
ight segments). Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold D
elta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Delta Reserve Cr
edit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Bus
iness Credit Card, and Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card are eligible to re
ceive the first checked bag fee waiver on Delta and Delta Connection carrier tic
kets. $35 fee for second checked bag. These allowances are subject to size/weigh
t limits. Contact a Delta agent or visit delta.com for details. Taxes and fees a
re subject to change, are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid a
t the time the primary ticket is purchased and the Companion ticket is issued. A
ll fare rules, restrictions, advance purchase requirements, and availability are
 per rule of primary ticket fare purchased. Seats are only available in L,U,T,X,
V classes of service and may not be available on all flights or markets. Compani
on Certificates are eligible for Medallion Complimentary Upgrades, which are sub
ject to availability and may not be eligible on all flights. Medallion Members t
raveling with one companion will be eligible for Complimentary Upgrades to both 
First Class and Delta Comfort+® based on the status of the higher-tiered Member,
 as long as the companion is a SkyMiles Member, Medallion Member or partner airl
ine elite member, traveling in the same reservation. Companion tickets are not t
ransferable once issued. Companion certificate cannot be combined with another o
ffer or discount including, but not limited to, web fares, sale fares and eCoupo
ns. Primary ticket and Companion ticket must be purchased with your Delta SkyMil
es Credit Card. Both passengers must be booked on the same flights and dates, at
 the same time. Travel for Companion certificate must be booked and completed by
 the date on the front of certificate. Validity is not based on the calendar yea
r. Redemption is available only on delta.com. Certificate terms and conditions m
ay vary each year of Card Membership. Additional restrictions apply. See Compani
on Certificate for details.Delta Platinum Companion Certificate for Online Redem
ptionEligibility: Eligible on Delta, Delta Connection carrier and Delta Shuttle 
flights only (excludes all other Delta-designated codeshare flights). Companion 
certificate is valid for one round-trip Main Cabin companion ticket with the pur
chase of certain adult round-trip fares on published routings within the 48 cont
iguous United States. Residents of Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the United Sta
tes Virgin Islands (USVI) must originate from there to the 48 contiguous United 
States and have an address on their SkyMiles account in Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto R
ico or the USVI. Each year, the Companion Certificate will be made available for
 redemption on delta.com in your renewal month. Companion ticket requires paymen
t of applicable government imposed taxes and fees of no more than $75 for roundt
rip domestic flights (for itineraries with up to four flight segments). Reservat
ions are only available at delta.com. Companion certificate terms and conditions
 may vary each year of Card Membership. Additional restrictions apply. Restricti
ons: Redemption is available only on delta.com. The certificate cannot be combin
ed with another offer or discount including, but not limited to, web fares, sale
 fares and eCoupons. Both passengers must be booked at the same time, in the sam
e class of service and in the same record. Seats are only available in L, U, T, 
X, V classes of service and may not be available on all flights or markets. Comp
anion Certificates are eligible for Medallion Complimentary Upgrades, which are 
subject to availability and may not be eligible on all flights. Medallion Member
s traveling with one companion will be eligible for Complimentary Upgrades to bo
th First Class and Delta Comfort+® based on the status of the higher-tiered Memb
er, as long as the companion is a SkyMiles Member, Medallion Member or partner a
irline elite member, traveling in the same reservation. Most fares require an ad
vance purchase of up to 14 days, a 3 night minimum stay and a 30-day maximum sta
y. All fare rules, restrictions, advance purchase requirements, and availability
 are per rule of Primary Ticket fare purchased. Companion tickets are not transf
erable. Primary Ticket and Companion ticket must be purchased with your Delta Sk
yMiles Credit Card from American Express. Both passengers must be booked on the 
same flights and dates, at the same time. Travel for Companion certificate must 
be booked and completed by the date on the front of certificate. Validity is not
 based on calendar year. Primary ticket will accrue miles. Companion ticket will
 not accrue miles. Tickets are eligible for Global or Regional Upgrade Certifica
tes but not eligible for mileage upgrades. Companion Certificate is void if repr
oduced, altered, counterfeited, obtained or used improperly, or where prohibited
 by law. Companion Certificate has no value except when redeemed in accordance w
ith all terms and conditions of this offer. Companion Certificate is for new pur
chases only and cannot be applied to the cost of prepaid tickets, ticket by mail
, miscellaneous charge orders, Airscript or previously issued tickets. Companion
 Certificate will be deemed fully used once tickets have been issued and will no
t be returned or replaced. Companion Certificate is the property of Delta Air Li
nes and must be surrendered or returned upon request. Fares, fees, schedules, of
fers and rules are subject to change without notice. Terms and conditions of thi
s offer are as written and cannot be altered, modified or waived unless authoriz
ed by a corporate officer of Delta Air Lines, Inc. All Delta SkyMiles program ru
les apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Routing/Blac
kout Dates: Stopovers, open jaws, and circle trips are not permitted. Blackout d
ates subject to the rules of the primary ticket fare purchased. Taxes/Fees: The 
fare for Companion tickets requires payment of government imposed taxes and fees
 of no more than $75 for roundtrip domestic flights (for itineraries with up to 
four flight segments). Taxes and fees depend on the itinerary. Basic Card Member
s (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platin
um Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Delta Reserve Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Bu
siness Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, and Delta Rese
rve for Business Credit Card are eligible to receive the first checked bag fee w
aiver on Delta and Delta Connection carrier flights. $35 fee for second checked 
bag. These allowances are subject to size/weight limits. Contact a Delta agent o
r visit delta.com for details. Taxes and fees are subject to change, are the res
ponsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the primary ticket is 
purchased and the companion ticket is issued. Cancellations/Ticket Changes/Reiss
uance: If the primary ticket or the Companion ticket is cancelled, both tickets 
will be cancelled and the Companion ticket will not be reissued. Subject to the 
fare rules of the primary ticket, the value of the primary ticket, less a $200 a
dministrative service charge and any fare difference, may be applied to future t
ravel. Cancellations are subject to the rules of the fare purchased. Neither a n
ew Companion Certificate nor Companion ticket will be issued upon a cancellation
. If the primary ticket and Companion ticket are changed after issuance, subject
 to the fare rules of the primary ticket, there will be a $200 administrative se
rvice charge for each of the primary ticket and the Companion ticket, plus a cha
rge for the fare difference of the primary ticket. Changes are subject to the ru
les of the fare purchased and are subject to seat availability. After travel has
 commenced, rerouting is not permitted. Transferability: The Companion Certifica
te is transferable, Primary ticket and Companion ticket are not transferable onc
e issued. Companion Certificate may not be bartered or sold. Companion Certifica
tes or Companion tickets acquired through prohibited sale/barter transactions ar
e void and will not be honored for travel. In the event of flight irregularities
 and/or cancellations, alternative flights will be on Delta only.Delta Sky Club 
Access, Reduced FeeDelta Sky Club® Discounted Rate benefit ($29 per person) is l
imited to Gold and Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card Members and up 
to two guests and may be used only in conjunction with same-day ticketed air tra
vel on any airline. Benefit permits access to one Club location and is not trans
ferable to another Club. Payment must be made in person with a Gold or Platinum 
Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card. Children under 2 years of age may accompan
y the Card Member for free. Card Member must be at least 21 years of age to acce
ss Clubs with a self-service bar, unless accompanied by a parent or legal guardi
an who is also accessing the Club using the Discounted Rate benefit or as a Club
 member. Please drink responsibly. Partner lounges are not included. Note that a
menities may vary among airport club locations. Meeting rooms may be reserved fo
r a fee. All Delta Sky Club rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta
.com/skyclub. Offer and rules subject to change without notice. Additional restr
ictions may apply.Delta Skymiles - Miles BoostThe close of the calendar year is 
December 31, without regard to the time of the year that the account is opened. 
This means that for the first year of Card Membership, the Card Member's Eligibl
e Purchases bonus period may be less than twelve months. If in any calendar year
 Eligible Purchases on the Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card is $25,0
00 or more, the Basic Card Member will be awarded 10,000 bonus miles and 10,000 
Medallion Qualification Miles ("MQMs" as defined in the Delta SkyMiles Membershi
p Guide and Program Rules), and if in that same calendar year Eligible Purchases
 on the Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card is $50,000 or more, the Bas
ic Card Member will be awarded an additional 10,000 bonus miles and 10,000 MQMs.
 Eligible Purchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns and oth
er credits. Eligible Purchases do NOT include fees, interest charges, cash advan
ces, purchases of travelers' checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or
 purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional Card Member(s) are not eligible
 to receive miles through Miles Boost; however all Eligible Purchases by the Add
itional Card Member(s) will count towards the Basic Card Member's spend level to
 reach the Miles Boost threshold. Card Members may be permitted to have more tha
n one Options, classic, Gold, or Platinum or Delta Reserve SkyMiles Business Cre
dit Card from American Express account; however, Card Members are only eligible 
to receive one annual bonus for each type (i.e., Options, classic, Gold, Platinu
m or Reserve) of Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card account from American Expre
ss. To receive the MQMs, your account must be not cancelled or past due at the t
ime the MQMs are posted to your account.Delta SkyMiles MarketPlaceSkyMiles Marke
tplace is for use only by SkyMiles Medallion® members or customers that have a U
.S. issued Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from American Express. All redemption offe
rs and awards are subject to change and to the terms and conditions of each indi
vidual merchant. Offers, rules and participating merchants are subject to change
 without notice. All SkyMiles Marketplace rules apply. To review the rules, plea
se visit delta.com/memberguide.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved i
n the Card Member's favor.Earn 1 MileBonus miles will be posted to your Delta Sk
yMiles account 8 to 12 weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to earn
 bonus miles, Card Member's account must not be canceled or past due at time of 
bonus fulfillment. Fees, interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers 
are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purc
hases of traveler's checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, 
the purchase or reloading of prepaid cards and purchases of other cash equivalen
ts do not earn miles.Earn 2 Miles on Delta PurchasesFor each dollar charged on a
n eligible purchase in each billing period on your Card from American Express, y
ou earn 1 mile. You earn 1 additional mile (for a total of 2 miles) on each doll
ar of eligible purchases made directly with Delta ("Delta purchases"). Delta pur
chases are eligible purchases where Delta is the merchant of record, such as pur
chases via delta.com, phone reservations, or ticket counters, such as upgrades, 
miles, seat selection, Delta Sky Club® membership or passes, and pre-purchased m
eals, and in-flight purchases of food, alcoholic beverages and audio headsets on
 Delta-operated flights (eligible purchases do not include any other in-flight p
urchases, such as in-flight wireless internet access, and associated services, a
nd charitable contributions). Delta purchases include Delta Vacation® packages b
ut not other all-inclusive packages. Delta purchases include purchases of qualif
ying Delta, Delta Connection® carrier and Delta Shuttle® flights taken with the 
purchase of a fare that is eligible for SkyMiles mileage credit. Additional mile
s earned for Delta flight purchases made with the Delta SkyMiles Credit Card fro
m American Express will be based on the total ticket price, including base fare,
 carrier-imposed surcharges and government-imposed taxes and fees. Eligible purc
hases mean purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eli
gible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers (bala
nce transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash 
advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-pers
on payments, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash
 equivalents. Bonus miles will be posted to your Delta SkyMiles account 8 to 12 
weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to receive miles, your Card ac
count must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment. This offer is
 subject to change without notice.Earn Medallion StatusMedallion Qualification M
iles received in 2018 above member's received Medallion threshold level will be 
rolled over to 2019 and will count toward 2020 Medallion status qualification. I
n addition, all Medallion Qualification Miles earned between January 1 and Decem
ber 31, 2018, will count towards 2019 Medallion status.Employee Card Spending Li
mitsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be set up online or by calling the number 
on the back of your Card. The Spending Limit is not a guarantee that the Employe
e Card Member will be able to make purchases up to that limit. There are certain
 purchases where the limit does not apply, such as, for example, restaurant tips
 and hotel stays extended beyond their original reservation period, and the over
all Account capacity is taken into consideration. You agree to pay all Charges w
ithout regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are n
ot liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges 
and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. For more inform
ation on the application of the limit, please refer to the Employee Card Spendin
g Limits Terms and Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, whic
h will also be provided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this feature.Enterta
inment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, t
ickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (includin
g Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American E
xpress Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charge
s apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and black
out dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed
 or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events 
may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.First Checked Bag Free -
 Medium VersionBenefit is limited to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Mem
bers) with the Gold, Platinum or Reserve Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Cards. R
eservation must include the Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number. Fee waiver also
 available for passengers traveling in the same reservation as the Basic Card Me
mber. Maximum nine waivers per reservation. New Card Members and Card Members up
grading from another Delta SkyMiles Credit Card product will be eligible for the
 checked baggage fee waiver benefit after receiving their Card from American Exp
ress. The first checked bag fee waiver will only be applied on flight segments w
hich originate on a Delta or Delta Connection® carrier when you check-in with De
lta for both a Delta marketed and Delta operated flight. Waiver is only for norm
al bag fee, if any, for the first checked bag that is not overweight and not ove
rsize under Delta's applicable rules as set forth in Delta's contract of carriag
e. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See delta.com/firstb
agfree for details.FX International Payments - SecureFX International Payments i
ncorporates encryption, both for stored data (such as account information) and f
or payments created and transmitted in real-time. The FX International Payments 
platform is deployed within American Express' state of the art data center that 
features advanced online and offline security and monitoring against internet at
tacks. FX International Payments implements American Express standards relating 
to information integrity, transaction security and information security.FX Inter
national Payments Live Exchange Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may not be a
vailable outside of business hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)FXIP- Standa
rd DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of American Express Travel R
elated Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service is not availabl
e to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required to comp
lete an application which is subject to review and approval by American Express.
 For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 888-391-997
1.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance
 services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Member
s are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For fu
ll Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.In-Flight SavingsCard M
embers will receive a 20% savings in the form of a statement credit on eligible 
pre-purchased meals, and in-flight purchases of food, alcoholic beverages and au
dio headsets, on Delta-operated flights. Savings do not apply to any other in-fl
ight purchases, such as in-flight wireless internet access, and associated servi
ces, and charitable contributions. To receive the savings, Card Members must use
 their Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from American Express to complete the in-fligh
t purchase. Savings will appear as a statement credit 6-8 weeks after the transa
ction is posted to the Card Member's Card account. Offer is subject to change wi
thout notice. Additional terms, conditions, and restrictions may apply. See http
://delta.com/mycardcan for details.Medallion Qualification Dollar WaiverIf the M
edallion Qualification Dollar (MQD) threshold is not met for a Qualification Yea
r, you can still qualify for Platinum, Gold and Silver Medallion Status if you h
ave earned the required Medallion Qualification Miles (MQMs) or Medallion Qualif
ication Segments (MQSs) and make at least $25,000 in Eligible Purchases within t
hat Qualification Year on your Eligible Card. If the MQD threshold is not met fo
r a Qualification Year, you can qualify for Diamond Medallion Status if you have
 earned the required MQMs or MQSs and spend at least $250,000 in eligible purcha
ses within that Qualification Year on your Eligible Card. A Qualification Year i
s from January 1 to December 31 of a given year. The close of the Qualification 
Year is December 31, without regard to the time of the year that the credit card
 account is opened. This means that for the first year of Card Membership, the C
ard Member's Eligible Purchase period may be less than twelve months. Eligible P
urchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits.
 Eligible Purchases do NOT include fees, interest charges, balance transfers, ca
sh advances, purchases of travelers' checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid c
ards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Eligible purchases may fall outsid
e of the Qualification Year in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitti
ng transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the
 transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be th
e date the goods are shipped). This may result in a delay in receiving the MQD w
aiver. You can confirm whether you have met the Eligible Purchase threshold for 
the MQD Waiver by logging into your SkyMiles account on delta.com or in the Fly 
Delta app. Eligible Purchases made by Additional Card Members on the Basic Card 
Member's Eligible Card will count toward the Eligible Purchase threshold. For pu
rposes of calculating the Eligible Purchase threshold, Eligible Purchases will b
e combined across multiple Eligible Cards of the Basic Card Member if those Card
 accounts are linked to the same SkyMiles number. Eligible Cards are the followi
ng: Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta 
SkyMiles, Delta Reserve Credit Card, Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Gold D
elta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card
, Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card from American Express. The Blue Delta S
kyMiles® Credit Card is not eligible for the MQD Waiver. However, if you have an
other Delta SkyMiles Credit Card with the MQD Waiver benefit in addition to your
 Delta Blue SkyMiles Credit Card, Eligible Purchases made on the Blue Delta SkyM
iles Credit Card will continue to count towards the MQD Waiver. This benefit ext
ends to Basic Card Members only (Additional Card Members are not eligible). Offe
r terms and conditions subject to change.No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Exp
ress will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outsi
de of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances wher
e ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.Pay with MilesProgram i
s limited to Basic (not Additional) Gold and Platinum Delta SkyMiles and Delta R
eserve Credit Card Members, as well as to Gold and Platinum Delta SkyMiles Busin
ess Credit Card Members and Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card Members. New 
Card Members are eligible to use Pay with Miles upon receipt of their Card. Elig
ible only on Delta and Delta Connection® carrier-operated and ticketed flights b
ooked at delta.com. Not available on other codeshare flights. Eligible flights f
or this program will be marked as Pay with Miles eligible. Miles redemptions mus
t be in 5,000 mile increments, with a minimum of 5,000 miles for redemption, and
 the number of miles redeemed will be rounded up to the nearest 5,000 mile incre
ment, as applicable. Use your Delta SkyMiles Credit Card to pay for the remainin
g ticket price when using Pay with Miles. Five thousand miles generally provides
 $50 of value. However, you may receive less value per mile if the cost of a tic
ket you choose to cover entirely with miles is not a multiple of $50. All Pay wi
th Miles tickets will earn mileage, and will earn Medallion Qualification Dollar
s, for the portion of the base fare and carrier-imposed surcharges remaining tha
t is paid in currency after miles are applied to the ticket total. Mileage redem
ption will be applied toward the base fare and carrier-imposed surcharges prior 
to being applied toward taxes and fees. In addition, all Pay with Miles tickets 
are eligible for Medallion Qualification Segments, and Medallion Qualification M
iles. Pay with Miles tickets are not eligible for Best Fare Guarantee and may no
t be combined with any other forms of mileage redemption, such as Award Travel t
ickets. Medallion Complimentary Upgrades on Pay with Miles tickets are subject t
o availability and may not be eligible on all flights. Except for tickets refund
ed under Delta’s Risk Free Cancellation policy, miles redeemed with Pay with Mil
es cannot be re-deposited in the member’s SkyMiles Account – even for fully refu
ndable fares. Residual value for a changed or cancelled ticket will be issued as
 an e-certificate applicable to future Delta purchases. For terms, conditions, a
nd restrictions, visit delta.com/paywithmiles.Priority BoardingCard Members are 
entitled to receive Zone 1 Priority Boarding on Delta flights. Benefit is limite
d to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold, Platinum or
 Reserve Delta SkyMiles Credit Cards. Reservation must include the Basic Card Me
mber's SkyMiles number. Priority Boarding is also available for passengers trave
ling in the same reservation as the Basic Card Member. Maximum nine passengers p
er reservation receive the Priority Boarding. Priority Boarding will only be ava
ilable on Delta and Delta Connection carrier operated flights. Delta does not of
fer Priority Boarding on Delta Shuttle® flights. New Card Members and Card Membe
rs upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Credit Card product from American Expre
ss will be eligible for the Priority Boarding benefit after receiving their Card
 from American Express. Offer is subject to change without notice. Additional te
rms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See delta.com/mycardcan for details.
Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charg
ed entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 day
s from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Memb
er account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handlin
g costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in
 the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant 
from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible fo
r refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewe
lry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United S
tates of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands
, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam 
and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to 
us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protectio
n is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full 
Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.Rewards Disclosure for Emp
loyee CardsTerms, conditions and restrictions vary by individual Card products.R
oadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotl
ine that can send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situatio
n. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, the C
ard Member will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or l
ocksmith can provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat
 tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is 
in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when 
traveling within the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto 
Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with the e
ligible vehicle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles
, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lb
s gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to pr
ovide you with coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weather
 or on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout serv
ice may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional
 important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call
 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.Seller of TravelAmerican Expres
s Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for 
travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppli
ers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other
 incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide ince
ntives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americane
xpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa 
TA#669.SkyMiles GeneralAll SkyMiles program rules apply to SkyMiles program memb
ership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption, and travel benefits. To re
view the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Partner airline benefits are
 subject to change and subject to the terms and conditions of each partner. Part
ner offers are subject to the terms and conditions of each individual offer. Off
ers are void where prohibited by law. Offers are subject to change without notic
e. Other restrictions apply.Spend ManagerSpend ManagerSM is a feature of America
n Express Business and Corporate Cards. American Express is not responsible for 
the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed. Receipts will be stored unti
l the earliest of the following: (1) seven years from the end of the year that t
he receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that your online account is closed. Notw
ithstanding the foregoing, American Express may delete or purge receipts for any
 reason in its sole discretion, with or without notice.Spend Manager and Connect
 to QuickBooksSpend ManagerSM and Connect to QuickBooks® are two separate busine
ss tools available with Business Cards from American Express OPEN that were crea
ted to work together. American Express is not responsible for the completeness o
r accuracy of receipts displayed in your QuickBooks. You must enroll in Connect 
to QuickBooks from your American Express online account. Connect to QuickBooks w
orks with QuickBooks Online. For details about Spend ManagerSM, go to www.open.c
om/spendmanager. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights res
erved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trade
marks of Intuit Inc.Spend Manager Mobile AppThe Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is on
ly available with American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Not all functio
nality is available with Corporate Cards. The Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only
 available on the App Store(R) and Google Play™. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhon
e are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App
 Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.
Year–End SummaryThe Online Year–End Summary, typically available in January, ref
lects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of t
he prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on pol
icy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggage 
Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office,
 Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy 
BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pa
cific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit 
is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia,
 Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determin
ed by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your C
ard and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or r
eplace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a
 Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entir
e Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can 
use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combinati
on with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with
 Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequ
ent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the far
e, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means
 it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For 
checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carr
ier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Rental 
Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by
 AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925,
 Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU an
d MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatn
a, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents o
f American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and th
e US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, an
d exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change wi
th notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage a
pplies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental C
ompany. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individu
als to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles
, e.g off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms 
and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eli
gible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product pro
vides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as i
njuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, 
or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see ame
ricanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten b
y AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953
, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and 
MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna,
 Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of 
American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the
 US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and
 exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change wit
h notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warr
anty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties 
of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the origi
nal manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional
 year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years
. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain pur
chases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of n
atural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other
 important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged o
n your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occ
urrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. Yo
u may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimbu
rse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpre
ss.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX As
surance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy 
AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the P
lan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam und
er Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American 
Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor 
Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusion
s of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. 
This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling c
osts for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e
.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items and motorized veh
icles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important e
xclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your elig
ible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,00
0 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the pur
chased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. T
his product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits no
t paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, se
e americanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance
 is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ u
nder Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For re
sidents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance
 Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111. This benefit is not available to re
sidents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Pal
au and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, condi
tions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to 
change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To 
be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. pl
ane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fa
re cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additi
onal Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express
 Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the 
entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or point
s from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be cover
ed. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to b
e eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligi
ble card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see 
americanexpress.com/TAIterms.