INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

17.24% (Prime Rate + 12.49%) to 26.24% (Prime Rate + 21.49%), based on your creditworthiness as determined at the time of account opening. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.



APR for Cash Advances

26.74% (Prime Rate + 21.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.


Penalty APR and When It Applies

29.99% (Prime Rate + 25.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR will apply to your account if:1) You make 2 or more late payments in a 12-month period;2) You do not pay the Minimum Payment due by the closing date of the billing period in which it is due; or3) You make a payment that is returned.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for a minimum of 12 billing periods in a row, and will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments for 12 billing periods in a row.


Paying Interest

Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances on the transaction date.



Fees
Annual Membership Fee

$95


Transaction Fees

 


Cash Advance
Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction
None

Penalty Fees

 

Late Payment
Up to $38

Overlimit
None

Returned Payment
$38


How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases.)"
Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99% Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 3/22/2018.

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement.
 By submitting this application, you, as an individual and the Authorizing Officer of the Company, (a) are requesting us to open an Account in the name of the Company, (b) are requesting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be jointly and severally liable with the Company for all charges to the account, and (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be approved for a Card Account. This offer is available to US Residents. When you use the Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you for the Account. The Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which impacts the opportunity to have claims related to the Account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the terms of, or add new terms to, the Card Member Agreement at any time, subject to applicable law. We may apply any changed or new terms to any existing and future balances on your Account, subject to applicable law. 
 
  You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.
 Additional Cards: You must notify Additional Card Members that we may obtain, provide, and use information about them and that their use of your Account is subject to certain provisions of the Card Member Agreement. The maximum number of Additional Cards issued on each Account is 99.
 Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.
  
 New York Residents: New York Residents may contact the New York state Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York Department of Financial Services: 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov
Cash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.
Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
 Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.
 Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.
 
The Hilton Honors American Express Business Card is issued by an American Express bank. ©2018 American Express. All rights reserved. ©2018 Hilton.

POID CHZ0:0001

OFFER TERMS
Welcome bonus offer not available to applicants who have or have had this product.
Earn up to 100,000 Hilton Honors Points You can earn 75,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points after you make eligible purchases with your Hilton Honors Business Card that total $3,000 or more (the "Threshold Amount") within your first 3 months of Card Membership, starting from the date of your Card approval. You can earn an extra 25,000 Bonus Points (for a total of 100,000 Bonus Points) after you make an additional $1,000 in eligible purchases with your Card (for a total of $4,000 in eligible purchases) within your first 6 months of Card Membership, starting from the date of your Card approval. Bonus Points will be credited to your Hilton Honors account 6-8 weeks after each Threshold Amount has been met. If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome bonus offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer (s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit Hilton Honors Bonus Points to your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us. Eligible purchases to meet the Threshold Amount for this offer include those made by both Basic and Additional Card Members on the Card Account. Eligible Purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases to meet the Threshold Amount do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on the Hilton Honors Business Card), cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of any cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account are not eligible for this offer. To receive Bonus Points, your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment. For questions regarding your Card account, please call the number on the back of your Card. You can earn 75,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points after you make eligible purchases with your Hilton Honors Business Card that total $3,000 or more within your first 3 months of Card Membership. You can earn an extra 25,000 Bonus Points (for a total of 100,000 Bonus Points) after you make an additional $1,000 in eligible purchases with your Card (for a total of $4,000 in purchases) within your first 6 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $3,000 (or $4,000) may be shorter than 3 or 6 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 or 6 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped).  American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.

BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.
Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.

American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

Amex Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app features are available only for eligible Card accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible. To log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.

Amex Mobile appiOS and Android only. See app store listings for operating system info

Connect to QuickbooksConnect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online and is available for use with Business Cards from American Express OPEN. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.

Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.

Drive Off With Savings & Hilton Honors Bonus PointsA qualifying rental must meet the following: The Primary Driver's Hilton Honors number must be provided at time of reservation. The name of the member associated with the Hilton Honors number provided must match the Primary Driver's name on the rental to qualify for mileage awards. Only one Hilton Honors member per car rental will be credited with points. Special contracted corporate or promotional rates such as employee, net tour, travel agent, group, wholesale or package rates, crew, insurance/dealer replacement or other or non-revenue rentals do not qualify for points. Multiple rentals that encompass different cars on the same or consecutive days from the same location shall be counted as a single qualifying rental even if the member checks the car in and back out during the same period.

Employee Card Spending LimitsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be set up online or by calling the number on the back of your Card. The Spending Limit is not a guarantee that the Employee Card Member will be able to make purchases up to that limit. There are certain purchases where the limit does not apply, such as, for example, restaurant tips and hotel stays extended beyond their original reservation period, and the overall Account capacity is taken into consideration. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. For more information on the application of the limit, please refer to the Employee Card Spending Limits Terms and Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, which will also be provided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this feature.

Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

FX International Payments - SecureFX International Payments incorporates encryption, both for stored data (such as account information) and for payments created and transmitted in real-time. The FX International Payments platform is deployed within American Express' state of the art data center that features advanced online and offline security and monitoring against internet attacks. FX International Payments implements American Express standards relating to information integrity, transaction security and information security.

FX International Payments Live Exchange Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may not be available outside of business hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)

FX International Payments Terms and conditionsFX International Payments is a service of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service is not available to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required to complete an application which is subject to review and approval by American Express. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 888-391-9971. Transaction Waiver - General Cards If an OPEN Card Member applies for the FX International Payments service and is approved by American Express, American Express will waive its transaction fee on foreign currency wire payments for 6 months, and charge a transaction fee of $10 after the six month waiver period ends. This reduced fee may be discontinued by American Express at any time or in the event you cease to be an American Express OPEN Card Member. Wire payments in the same currency (e.g., USD to USD) are not eligible for this offer and are subject to a transaction fee (typically $35). Consult your FX International Payments Sales Representative for more details. There is no minimum number of transactions in order to qualify for this offer, but a minimum transaction size may apply, depending on the type of currency of the wire payment. In some countries, the receiving bank may assess its own transaction fees on your wire payment. You recognize that, even if American Express does not charge you a transaction fee on your foreign currency wire payment, American Express may earn revenue from the foreign exchange transaction. Other fees may apply to products and services other than foreign currency wire payments.  Click here for information about addressing complaints regarding our money services business, lists of our money services business licenses and other disclosures.

FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service is not available to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required to complete an application which is subject to review and approval by American Express. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 888-391-9971.

Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.

Hilton Honors Bonus PointsYou will receive 3 Hilton Honors Bonus Points for each dollar of eligible purchases. You will receive 9 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points, for a total of 12, for each dollar of eligible purchases charged directly with a property within the Hilton portfolio, including bookings and incidental charges. To receive the 9 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points for charges made at the time of booking, the booking must be made directly through a reservation channel operated by Hilton. You can receive the 9 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points for incidental charges made at the hotel (including charges made at restaurants, spas, and other establishments) if those charges can be and are charged to your room and paid for with your Hilton Honors American Express Business Card at checkout. You will receive 3 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points, for a total of 6, for each dollar of eligible purchases at the following categories of merchants: restaurants located in the U.S.; airfare on a scheduled flight charged directly with passenger airlines or amextravel.com (charter flights and private jet flights are excluded); purchases directly from select major car rental companies listed at americanexpress.com/rewards-info; gasoline at gas stations located in the U.S.; shipping services purchased in the U.S. for courier, postal, and freight; and on monthly wireless telephone services purchased directly from U.S. wireless telephone service providers (purchases of hardware and equipment are excluded; any purchases from third parties and resellers are excluded). To get additional points for a restaurant purchase, the purchase must be at a restaurant located in the United States. You will NOT get additional points for purchases made at a restaurant owned by a U.S. company but located outside the U.S. (e.g. Hard Rock Café in Paris). You also will NOT get additional points for purchases at nightclubs, convenience stores, grocery stores, or supermarkets. You may not get additional points for purchases at a restaurant located within another establishment (e.g. a restaurant inside a hotel, casino, or event venue). For example, purchases made at a restaurant located within a hotel may be recognized as a purchase at a hotel, not a restaurant. Your Hilton Honors Points are subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions; see HiltonHonors.com/Terms. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Hilton Honors Bonus Points you earn with your Card will be posted to your Hilton Honors account 6 to 8 weeks after the end of your billing period. Purchases made through a third-party payment account or on an online marketplace (with multiple retailers) will not receive additional points Merchants are typically assigned codes and categorized based on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not receive additional points if a merchant, or a particular merchant location, uses a code that is not eligible for additional points. A purchase may not receive additional points if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet. Please visit americanexpress.com/rewards-info for more information about rewards.

Hilton Honors Complimentary Gold StatusYou will receive complimentary Hilton Honors Gold status with your Hilton Honors American Express Business Card. Complimentary Gold status benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member. If your Hilton Honors American Express Business Card is cancelled for any reason, your complimentary Hilton Honors Gold status provided with the Card will be cancelled. American Express reserves the right to change, modify or revoke complimentary Gold status at any time. If your complimentary Gold status is cancelled, you may be able to maintain your Gold status by qualifying under the Hilton Honors Program terms. Gold status benefits are subject to availability and vary by hotel. For more information on Gold status benefits or how to maintain Gold status each year with qualifying stays, nights or Hilton Honors Base Points through the Hilton Honors Program, and for complete Terms and Conditions, visit HiltonHonors.com/MemberBenefits.

Hilton Honors Program & CopyrightHilton Honors membership, earning and redemption of Points are subject to Hilton Honors Terms & Conditions. Excludes Hampton by Hilton Hotels in Mainland China. © 2018 HiltonHilton Honors and all trademarks of the Hilton Portfolio are owned by Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. or its subsidiaries.

Hilton Honors Upgrade to Diamond StatusYou may receive an upgrade to Hilton Honors Diamond status if the total eligible purchases on your Card Account during a calendar year reach $40,000 or more. A calendar year is from January 1 to December 31 regardless of when you open your Card Account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. This upgrade to Diamond status benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member; however, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Members will contribute to the purchase requirement. It will take about 10-12 weeks after the total eligible purchases level is reached for your Hilton Honors Diamond status to become effective. Your upgrade to Hilton Honors Diamond status is valid for the calendar year in which it was earned and the subsequent calendar year. Your Diamond status will expire after that subsequent calendar year unless your total eligible purchases in that subsequent calendar year again qualifies you for Diamond status, or if you qualify for Diamond status under the Hilton Honors program terms. For more information on Diamond status benefits or how to maintain your Diamond status each year with qualifying stays, nights or Hilton Honors Base Points through the Hilton Honors Program, and for complete Terms and Conditions, visit HiltonHonors.com/MemberBenefits.

Hilton Honors Weekend Night RewardsIf the total eligible purchases on your Hilton Honors American Express Business Card Account reach $15,000 or more during a calendar year, you will receive a Weekend Night Reward from Hilton Honors. After you make an additional $45,000 in purchases in that same calendar year, totaling $60,000 in cumulative spend in that year, you will receive a second Weekend Night Reward from Hilton. Each Weekend Night Reward will be issued in the form of a redeemable code and sent to you in an email from Hilton Honors to the email address listed on your Hilton Honors account. You will receive the reward email within 8-12 weeks after you have met each purchase requirement. Call Hilton Honors to redeem your Weekend Night Reward. This benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member; however, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Members will contribute to the purchase requirement. Eligible purchases to meet the purchase requirement are for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Each Weekend Night Reward can be redeemed for one weekend night standard accommodation, double occupancy, subject to availability, at properties in the Hilton portfolio, excluding those listed at HiltonHonors.com/weekendreward. A weekend night is defined as Friday, Saturday or Sunday night. To redeem the Weekend Night Reward, Card Members must call 1-800-446-6677 and mention the code provided by Hilton Honors. Each Weekend Night Reward expires within one year from the date of issuance and must be redeemed on or before the expiration date. A Weekend Night Reward will be forfeited if not redeemed on or before the expiration date. To ensure receipt of the reward e-mail notification, you should confirm the correct email address is listed on your Hilton Honors account profile. You can also check your Hilton Honors account for the status of any Weekend Night Rewards issued to you (including the expiration date) by calling 1-800-446-6677. Rewards are not transferable and may not be redeemed for cash or Hilton Honors Points. A Weekend Night Reward may be combined with other Hilton or Free Night promotions in market and may be added to existing paid or Reward stays. A Weekend Night Reward includes all applicable taxes; however, the Card Member may be responsible for payment of additional mandatory resort fees at participating Hilton Resorts where resort fees are applicable, and is responsible for all incidental charges. Weekend Night Reward redemptions may be cancelled pursuant to the Weekend Night Reward cancellation policy on the Hilton Honors Program website (hiltonhonors.com).

No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.

Priority Pass SelectThese Terms and Conditions govern Hilton Honors American Express Business Card Member's participation in and use of the Priority PassTM Select program. Priority Pass is an independent airport lounge access program. By enrolling in Priority Pass Select, you agree that you will be responsible for payment for any visits by you or your guests after your 10 complimentary lounge visits are used. After your 10 complimentary lounge visits are used, you will be charged $27 per visit for any additional visits by you and your accompanying guests during the remainder of the calendar year. Your Hilton Honors American Express Business Card will be automatically charged $27 for each additional visit after those visits have been reported to Priority Pass by the participating lounge. Some lounges do not admit guests. Additionally, you acknowledge and agree that American Express will verify your Card Account number and provide updated Card Account information to Priority Pass. Priority Pass will use this information to fulfill on the Priority Pass Select program and may use this information for marketing related to the program. Once enrolled, Hilton Honors American Express Business Card Members whose Card Account is not cancelled may access participating Priority Pass Select lounges by presenting your Priority Pass Select card and airline boarding pass. In some lounges, Priority Pass Select member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Priority Pass Select members must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. Amenities may vary among airport lounge locations. Conference rooms, where available, may be reserved for a nominal fee. Priority Pass Select lounge partners and locations are subject to change. All Priority Pass Select members must adhere to the Priority Pass Conditions of Use, which will be sent to you with your membership package, and can be viewed at www.prioritypass.com. Upon receipt of your enrollment information, Priority Pass will send your Priority Pass Select card and membership package which you should receive within 10-14 business days. If you have not received the Priority Pass card after 14 days, please contact American Express using the number on the back of your American Express® Card.

Priority Pass SelectPriority Pass Select membership provides access to airport lounges participating in the Priority Pass Select program. You must enroll your Hilton Honors American Express Business Card in the Priority PassTM Select program to access the benefits. Once enrolled, you will receive your Priority Pass Select card directly from Priority Pass within 10-14 business days. There is no membership fee with your Hilton Honors American Express Business Card. With your Hilton Honors American Express Business Card you will receive 10 complimentary lounge visits every calendar year. Once your 10 complimentary lounge visits are used, all subsequent lounge visits during the remainder of the same calendar year are subject to a fee of U.S. $27 per person per visit, which will be automatically charged to your Card. To check on your remaining complimentary visit balance, please contact Priority Pass directly. Any unused complimentary lounge visits will be forfeited at the end of each calendar year. Priority Pass Select membership automatically renews on the anniversary date of your enrollment in the Priority Pass Select program. Priority Pass membership may be cancelled by American Express if your Card is cancelled. Priority Pass Select lounge partners and locations are subject to change. To access a lounge, you must show your valid Priority Pass Select card and an airline ticket for travel on the same day for you and each of your guests. This benefit is limited to the Basic Card Member. Additional Card Members are not eligible for this benefit, however, a complimentary visit may be applied to a guest visit, including for Additional Card Members. If you have no complimentary visits available, the Basic Card Member and each guest will be charged $27 per person, per visit. In some lounges, Priority Pass Select member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Amenities may vary among airport lounge locations. Lounge fees and rules of participating lounges are subject to change. Priority Pass Select membership is subject to the Priority Pass Conditions of Use. For complete Priority Pass terms and conditions and a listing of participating lounges, please visit www.prioritypass.com/select.

Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.

Rewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, conditions and restrictions vary by individual Card products.

Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling within the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weather or on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.

Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.

Spend ManagerSpend ManagerSM is a feature of American Express Business and Corporate Cards. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed. Receipts will be stored until the earliest of the following: (1) seven years from the end of the year that the receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that your online account is closed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, American Express may delete or purge receipts for any reason in its sole discretion, with or without notice.

Spend Manager and Connect to QuickBooksSpend ManagerSM and Connect to QuickBooks® are two separate business tools available with Business Cards from American Express OPEN that were created to work together. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed in your QuickBooks. You must enroll in Connect to QuickBooks from your American Express online account. Connect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online. For details about Spend ManagerSM, go to www.open.com/spendmanager. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.

Spend Manager Mobile AppThe Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available with American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Not all functionality is available with Corporate Cards. The Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available on the App Store(R) and Google Play™. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.

Year-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.

AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide
Baggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.

Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.

Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.

Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.

Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.


