PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO READ IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT RATES, FEES, AND OTHER CO
ST INFORMATION BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION.Important information regardin
g rates, fees, and other cost informationINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGESAnnu
al Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases Up to the Credit Limit0% introductory APR
 for the first 15 months.After that, your APR will be 12.74% (Prime Rate + 7.99%
), 16.74% (Prime Rate + 11.99%) or 20.74% (Prime Rate + 15.99%) based on your cr
editworthiness as determined at the time of account opening. This APR will vary 
with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers0% introductory
 APR for the first 15 months on balance transfers requested within 60 days of ac
count opening.After that, your APR for those transactions and any other balance 
transfer request(s), if we accept them, will be 12.74% (Prime Rate + 7.99%), 16.
74% (Prime Rate + 11.99%) or 20.74% (Prime Rate + 15.99%) based on your creditwo
rthiness and other factors. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prim
e Rate.Penalty APR and When it Applies29.99% (Prime Rate + 25.99%)This APR will 
vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR will apply to your account
 if:1) You make 2 or more late payments in a 12-month period;2) You do not pay t
he Minimum Payment due by the closing date of the billing period in which it is 
due; or3) You make a payment that is returned.How Long Will the Penalty APR Appl
y? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for a minimum of 12 billing peri
ods in a row, and will continue to apply until after you have made timely paymen
ts, with no returned payments for 12 billing periods in a row.Paying InterestYou
r due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will n
ot charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due da
te each month. We will begin charging interest on balance transfers on the trans
action date. If you pay the Minimum Payment Due by the Closing Date of the billi
ng period in which it is due each month, we will not charge interest on the Amou
nt Above the Credit Limit. See When we charge interest in Part 2 of the Cardmemb
er Agreement.FeesAnnual Membership Fee$0Transaction Fees Balance TransferEither 
$5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.Foreign Transactio
n2.7% of each transaction after conversion to US dollars.Penalty Fees Late Payme
ntUp to $38OverlimitNoneReturned Payment$38How We Will Calculate Your Balance: W
e use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."Loss of 
Introductory APR: If a penalty APR applies to your account for any reason we wil
l end any introductory APRs and a penalty APR will apply to your Account.The var
iable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%.Variable APRs for each billing period a
re based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing D
ate of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rat
e on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day 
it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In t
hat case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When 
the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of
 the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 3/22/2018
. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement. By submitting this a
pplication, you, as an individual and the Authorizing Officer of the Company, (a
) are requesting us to open an Account in the name of the Company, (b) are reque
sting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be jointly and se
verally liable with the Company for all charges to the account, and (d) are REPR
ESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL
 OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be approved for
 a Card Account. This offer is available to US Residents. When you use the Accou
nt (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreeme
nt that will be provided to you for the Account. The Card Member Agreement inclu
des an arbitration provision, which impacts the opportunity to have claims relat
ed to the Account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a 
class action or similar proceeding. We may change the terms of, or add new terms
 to, the Card Member Agreement at any time, subject to applicable law. We may ap
ply any changed or new terms to any existing and future balances on your Account
, subject to applicable law.    You promise that the information you provide on 
this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to
 obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affil
iates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for ma
rketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will t
ell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the ag
ency that provided it. Additional Cards: You must notify Additional Card Members
 that we may obtain, provide, and use information about them and that their use 
of your Account is subject to certain provisions of the Card Member Agreement. T
he maximum number of Additional Cards issued on each Account is 99. Patriot Act 
Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and re
cord information that identifies each person who opens an account, including you
r name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verif
y your identity. Balance Transfers: Only balance transfers from accounts in your
 name requested within 60 days from the date of account opening will be approved
. We will charge your Card account for the total approved amount of all balance 
transfers. No transfer will be processed if: (1) the total amount of all request
ed transfers exceeds the lesser of $15,000 or 75% of your credit limit; or (2) c
harging the requested transfers to your Card account would cause your total acco
unt balance to exceed your credit limit. We will not initiate any balance transf
er until at least ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card M
ember Agreement to you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a
 balance transfer. Please be sure to make all required payments on any account f
rom which you are transferring a balance until the balance transfer is credited 
to that account. You authorize us to verify the balance of such accounts. You ma
y not transfer balances from any account issued by American Express or any of it
s affiliates. Additional Card Members may not request or authorize balance trans
fers. Your balance transfer request may be declined if any of your American Expr
ess accounts are not in good standing.  New York Residents: New York Residents m
ay contact the New York state Department of Financial Services by telephone or v
isit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, an
d grace periods. New York Department of Financial Services: 1-800-342-3736 or ww
w.dfs.ny.govNotice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those
 permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to mont
h. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted 
by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may 
pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at
 any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination requir
e that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customer
s, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each
 individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers complianc
e with this law. The Blue Business(SM) Plus Credit Card is issued by an American
 Express bank. ©2018 American Express. All rights reserved.POID CFZX:0001BENEFIT
 TERMSThe following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.
Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Ma
iling Address and Social Security Number.American Express Presale(s)During the s
pecified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express
® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purc
hased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards).
 Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats
 are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchang
es. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of Americ
an Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.
Blue Business Plus 2XWith your Blue Business Plus Card from American Express, yo
u earn one Membership Rewards® point for each dollar you spend on your Card for 
eligible purchases. For the first $50,000 in eligible purchases in each calendar
 year you also earn one additional point (for a total of 2 points). Eligible pur
chases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eli
gible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, purc
hases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases
 of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply.Connect to Q
uickBooksConnect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online and is available for
 use with Business Cards from American Express OPEN. Any QuickBooks Online scree
n shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, 
and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Dispute ResolutionNot al
l disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.Employee Card Spending Limits
Employee Card Spending Limits may be set up online or by calling the number on t
he back of your Card. The Spending Limit is not a guarantee that the Employee Ca
rd Member will be able to make purchases up to that limit. There are certain pur
chases where the limit does not apply, such as, for example, restaurant tips and
 hotel stays extended beyond their original reservation period, and the overall 
Account capacity is taken into consideration. You agree to pay all Charges witho
ut regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not l
iable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/
or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. For more informatio
n on the application of the limit, please refer to the Employee Card Spending Li
mits Terms and Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, which wi
ll also be provided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this feature.Entertainme
nt Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, ticke
ts are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (including Pr
epaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Expre
ss Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges ap
ply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout 
dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or 
revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may 
not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Expanded buying powerThe por
tion of your account balance that is above your credit limit is due in full each
 month as part of your minimum payment due. You will not incur interest charges 
on the portion of your account balance that is above your credit limit so long a
s you pay the entire minimum payment due by the closing date of the billing peri
od in which it is due. If you do not, then the penalty rate will apply to your e
ntire balance, including any amount above the credit limit.Extra Membership Rewa
rds® points at amextravel.com2x Points Membership Rewards-enrolled Card Members 
get at least 1 Membership Rewards® point for every eligible dollar spent on thei
r Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card. Those same Card Me
mbers will also get at least 1 additional point for each dollar of eligible trav
el purchases made on amextravel.com on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled
 American Express Card. Eligible travel purchases include all travel purchases m
ade with your Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card on amex
travel.com, including air, prepaid hotels, vacation packages (flight + hotel pac
kages) or cruise reservations, minus returns and other credits. Platinum and Bus
iness Platinum Card Members are only eligible for 1 additional point on cruise r
eservations. Eligible travel purchases do NOT include car reservations, non-prep
aid hotels, ticketing service or other fees, or interest charges. Bonuses you ma
y receive with your Card on other purchase categories or in connection with prom
otions or offers from American Express may not be combined with this offer, such
 as 5X bonuses for Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members. Any portion of a
 charge that you elect to cover through redemption of Membership Rewards points 
is not eligible to receive points. If you have an Amex EveryDay Card product, ad
ditional points awarded under this offer will not be included in the extra point
s benefit. Additional points will be credited to the Membership Rewards account 
10-12 weeks after final payment is made.FX International Payments - SecureFX Int
ernational Payments incorporates encryption, both for stored data (such as accou
nt information) and for payments created and transmitted in real-time. The FX In
ternational Payments platform is deployed within American Express' state of the 
art data center that features advanced online and offline security and monitorin
g against internet attacks. FX International Payments implements American Expres
s standards relating to information integrity, transaction security and informat
ion security.FX International Payments Live Exchange Rates disclosureLive exchan
ge rates may not be available outside of business hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. East
ern Time)FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of Amer
ican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This se
rvice is not available to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business wil
l be required to complete an application which is subject to review and approval
 by American Express. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditi
ons, call 888-391-9971.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordi
nation and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American
 Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party serv
ice providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Me
mbership Rewards® Pay With PointsTo use Pay with Points, you must charge your el
igible purchase through American Express Travel to a Membership Rewards® program
-enrolled American Express® Card. Eligible purchases exclude car reservations an
d non-prepaid hotels. Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards accoun
t, and credit for corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Exp
ress Card account used. If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balan
ce of purchase price will remain on the American Express Card account. Minimum r
edemption 5,000 points. See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewar
ds program terms and conditions.Membership Rewards® ProgramTerms and Conditions 
for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for
 more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subject to c
hange without notice. The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to
 how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/poin
tsinfo.Rewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, conditions and restrictions v
ary by individual Card products.Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance H
otline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow operator or locksmith t
o assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is availab
le at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charged for any services or 
goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the following services: to
wing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable sp
are, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of f
uel. Services are available when traveling within the 50 United States, the Dist
rict of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when 
Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This product does not cover so
me vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, t
ractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusi
ons apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordination and assistance serv
ices in case of inclement weather or on roadways which restrict access to certai
n service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transp
onder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. Fo
r full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterm
s.Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when ac
ting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the ac
tions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppl
iers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other
 goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more infor
mation please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, 
Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.Spend ManagerSpend ManagerSM is a featur
e of American Express Business and Corporate Cards. American Express is not resp
onsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed. Receipts will be
 stored until the earliest of the following: (1) seven years from the end of the
 year that the receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that your online account is 
closed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, American Express may delete or purge rece
ipts for any reason in its sole discretion, with or without notice.Spend Manager
 and Connect to QuickBooksSpend ManagerSM and Connect to QuickBooks® are two sep
arate business tools available with Business Cards from American Express OPEN th
at were created to work together. American Express is not responsible for the co
mpleteness or accuracy of receipts displayed in your QuickBooks. You must enroll
 in Connect to QuickBooks from your American Express online account. Connect to 
QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online. For details about Spend ManagerSM, go t
o www.open.com/spendmanager. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. Al
l rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are regi
stered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Spend Manager Mobile AppThe Spend ManagerSM Mobi
le App is only available with American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Not
 all functionality is available with Corporate Cards. The Spend ManagerSM Mobile
 App is only available on the App Store(R) and Google Play™. Apple, the Apple lo
go and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other co
untries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of
 Google Inc.Using Points for ChargesUsing Points for Your Charges is only availa
ble to Basic Consumer and OPEN Card Members enrolled in the U.S. Membership Rewa
rds® program. Additional Card Members, Authorized Additional Card Members, and C
orporate Card Members are not eligible. Account managers and Rewards managers ma
y be eligible to use points by calling the number on the back of your Card but a
re not eligible to use points online. All Linked Card Accounts must be not be ca
nceled, past due or have a returned payment outstanding. A minimum of 1,000 Memb
ership Rewards points in your program Account is required and you may use Member
ship Rewards points only toward the entire amount of an eligible charge. America
n Express will present the eligible charges you can use points towards, and we m
ay change which charges are eligible at any time without notice. American Expres
s is under no obligation to make charges available for redemption using Membersh
ip Rewards points. For each transaction, points will be debited immediately from
 your Membership Rewards program Account and a credit will be issued to your Lin
ked Card Account for the corresponding dollar amount within 48 hours. Credits pr
ocessed after the Card Account‘s statement closing date will appear in the follo
wing billing period. You are responsible for payment of the amount due on your C
ard Account by the due date even after using this feature. To learn about this f
eature and redeem points online, visit membershiprewards.com/yourcharges. (Pleas
e note that the special mobile redemption offer referenced in this email is limi
ted to mobile redemptions and is not valid for online or other redemption channe
ls.)Year–End SummaryThe Online Year–End Summary, typically available in January,
 reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st 
of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on
 policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBagg
age Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Off
ice, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Pol
icy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marin
e Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This bene
fit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Microne
sia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is dete
rmined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to yo
ur Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement 
or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel 
on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. E
ntire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You 
can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combi
nation with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay 
with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or f
requent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the
 fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This m
eans it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. 
For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common 
Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Ren
tal Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritte
n by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0
925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of G
U and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Ha
gatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residen
ts of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau an
d the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions
, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to chang
e with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Covera
ge applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rent
al Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow indi
viduals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehi
cles, e.g off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Te
rms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays
 eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product
 provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things 
as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other perso
ns, or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see
 americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritt
en by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX
0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU 
and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Haga
tna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents
 of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and
 the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions,
 and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change
 with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended 
Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warrant
ies of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the o
riginal manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additi
onal year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five y
ears. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain
 purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result 
of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. O
ther important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charg
ed on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per
 occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year
. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will re
imburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americane
xpress.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AME
X Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Pol
icy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, t
he Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam
 under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of Ameri
can Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Mi
nor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclu
sions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with noti
ce. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handli
ng costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covere
d, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items and motorized
 vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other importa
nt exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your 
eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $5
0,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the
 purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cos
t. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefit
s not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions
, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insur
ance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, 
AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. Fo
r residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insur
ance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111. This benefit is not available t
o residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands,
 Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, c
onditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject
 to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy.
 To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g
. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the ful
l fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Ad
ditional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Exp
ress Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for 
the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or p
oints from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be c
overed. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, 
to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the e
ligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, 
see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.