Hilton Honors American Express Business CardGet to your next trip faster with 12X Points when you stay at hotels and resorts in the Hilton portfolio‡$95 annual fee ¤APR on purchases will be a variable rate, currently 17.99% - 26.99%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.¤Earn 125,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points  Earn 125,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points with the Hilton Honors Business Card after you use your new Card to make $3,000 in eligible purchases within the first 3 months of Card Membership.†











Apply♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesHilton Honors American Express Business CardGet to your next trip faster with 12X Points when you stay at hotels and resorts in the Hilton portfolio‡HighlightsEarn 6X Hilton Honors Bonus Points On Select Business And Travel Purchases‡Enjoy Complimentary Gold Status‡Earn Free Weekend Night Rewards‡OffersEarn 125,000 Hilton Honors Bonus PointsEarn 125,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points with the Hilton Honors Business Card after you use your new Card to make $3,000 in eligible purchases within the first 3 months of Card Membership.†Fees$95 annual fee¤APR on purchases will be a variable rate, currently 17.99% - 26.99%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.¤Featured Hilton Honors Business Card BenefitsHilton Honors Bonus PointsEarn Hilton Honors Bonus Points for each dollar of eligible purchases on your Card:12X pointsper dollar for purchases made directly with hotels and resorts in the Hilton portfolio6X PointsPer dollar on select business purchasesat U.S. gas stationson wireless telephone services purchases directly from U.S. service providerson U.S. purchases for shipping6X PointsPer dollar on select travel purchasesat U.S. restaurantson flights booked directly with airlines or with Amex Travelon car rentals booked directly from select car rental companies3X Pointsper dollar on other purchasesTerms and limitations apply‡Complimentary Hilton Honors Gold Status‡Enjoy even more perks as a Hilton honors Gold member, like an 80% bonus on all Base Points, space-available room upgrades and more.

05-membership/dls-icon-point-3x
Created with Sketch.















Over 1.5 million more places in the U.S. started accepting American Express® Cards in 2017.Hilton Honors Business Card  Benefits & DetailsTravel perks with the Hilton Honors Business Card








Free Weekend Night RewardRest up with a Free Weekend Night Reward from Hilton Honors after you spend $15,000 on eligible purchases on your Card account in a calendar year.Second Weekend Night RewardEarn a second Weekend Night Reward from Hilton Honors after you spend $60,000 on eligible purchases on your Card in a calendar year.10 Free Priority Pass VisitsWhether you just want to relax or get work done, you'll have 10 free visits to over 1,000 Priority Pass airport lounges every year.‡Upgrade to Diamond StatusSpend $40,000 on eligible purchases on your Card in a calendar year and you can earn Hilton Honors Diamond status through the end of the next calendar year.‡No Foreign Transaction FeesUse your Card on purchases when you travel abroad without the worry of foreign transaction fees.‡¤Customer Service and 24/7 support, whenever you need us








Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎Travel more comfortably knowing you can be covered by the Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎ for eligible lost, damaged, or stolen baggage when you purchase the entire fare for a Common Carrier ticket (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) on your eligible Card. Coverage can be provided for up to $1,250 for carry-on baggage and up to $500 for checked baggage. For New York State residents, there is a $10,000 aggregate maximum limit for all Covered Persons per Covered Trip. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Travel Accident Insurance♦︎Travel Accident Insurance♦︎ can provide accidental death and dismemberment coverage while traveling on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) when the entire fare has been charged to the eligible Card. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Global Assist® Hotline‡When you travel more than 100 miles from home, you have 24/7 access to medical, legal, financial or other select emergency coordination and assistance services, including medical and legal referrals, assistance with cash wires, passport replacement, missing luggage and more. Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.Roadside Assistance Hotline‡Your car dies or blows a tire and you're stranded. Now what? Luckily you're a Card Member. With Roadside Assistance Hotline‡ you can call us in case of emergency for reliable coordination and assistance service to help get you on your way. Third-party service costs are your responsibility. There are some vehicle exclusions and other important restrictions.Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, you can be covered if your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen when you use your eligible Card to reserve and pay for the entire eligible vehicle rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the rental car counter. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered. Coverage is not available in Australia, Italy, and New Zealand. This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Expense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses








Employee CardsGet more out of your Business Card with Employee Cards. Get rewards‡ and stay on top of how much employees are spending.Account ManagerWhen you designate an Account Manager, you can allow trusted individuals - like an assistant or business partner - to access and manage your Business Card account. So you can trust your Account Manager to get the work done when you can't be there.‡Spend ManagerSMSpend ManagerSM is a feature available to help you manage your Business Card expenses by allowing you to add receipts and notes to your transactions either via desktop or your mobile device.‡Connect to Quickbooks®Streamline your Business Card expenses when your transactions from your Hilton Honors Business Card are sent to your QuickBooks.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help you avoid late payments, notify you of irregular activity, and monitor Employee Card spending.Year-End SummaryAt the end of the year, see a complete summary that categorizes your spend by month and purchase type, and helps you track your business expenses down to the last detail.‡Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.Mobile and Tablet AppsEasily manage your account, pay your bill, check your balance, view your benefits and more from your mobile phone or tablet.Even More Benefits for Card Members








Extended Warranty♦︎With Extended Warranty♦︎ you can shop with less worry knowing the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty can be extended up to two additional years*. Applies to warranties of 5 years or less that are eligible in the U.S. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.*For residents of Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands, Your coverage will continue to match the original warranty period for warranties of less than one (1) year or provide one (1) additional year if the warranty is between one (1) and five (5) years.Purchase Protection♦︎When something you buy breaks or is stolen, Purchase Protection♦︎ can have you covered. Use your Card for eligible purchases, and your purchases can be protected from accidental damage or theft for up to 120 days* from the moment you buy them. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.*For residents of New York, Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands coverage duration remains at 90 days.Dispute ResolutionWe will work with you to resolve the issue if there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding. With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone. Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.Apply by PhoneApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesApply by PhoneApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & Fees