INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

0% introductory APR for the first 6 months.After that, your APR will be 17.74% (Prime Rate + 12.49%), 21.74% (Prime Rate + 16.49%) or 26.74% (Prime Rate + 21.49%) based on your creditworthiness as determined at the time of account opening. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.



APR for Cash Advances

27.24% (Prime Rate + 21.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.


Penalty APR and When It Applies

29.99% (Prime Rate + 25.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR will apply to your account if:1) You make 2 or more late payments in a 12-month period;2) You do not pay the Minimum Payment due by the closing date of the billing period in which it is due; or3) You make a payment that is returned.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for a minimum of 12 billing periods in a row, and will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments for 12 billing periods in a row.


Paying Interest

Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances on the transaction date.



Fees
Annual Membership Fee

$0


Transaction Fees

 


Cash Advance
Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction
2.7% of each transaction after conversion to US dollars.

Penalty Fees

 

Late Payment
Up to $38

Overlimit
None

Returned Payment
$38


How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases.)"
Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%.Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 09/27/2018.

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement.
 By submitting this application, you, as an individual and the Authorizing Officer of the Company, (a) are requesting us to open an Account in the name of the Company, (b) are requesting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be jointly and severally liable with the Company for all charges to the account, and (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be approved for a Card Account. This offer is available to US Residents. When you use the Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you for the Account. The Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which impacts the opportunity to have claims related to the Account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the terms of, or add new terms to, the Card Member Agreement at any time, subject to applicable law. We may apply any changed or new terms to any existing and future balances on your Account, subject to applicable law. 
 
  You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.
 Additional Cards: You must notify Additional Card Members that we may obtain, provide, and use information about them and that their use of your Account is subject to certain provisions of the Card Member Agreement. The maximum number of Additional Cards issued on each Account is 99.
 Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.
  
 New York Residents: New York Residents may contact the New York state Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York Department of Financial Services: 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov
Cash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.
Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
 Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.
 Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.
 
Lowe's Business Rewards Card from American Express is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2018 American Express National Bank.Lowe's® and the gable design are registered trademarks of LF, LLC. All rights reserved.

POID GBP5:0001

OFFER TERMS
Welcome offer not available to applicants who have or have had this Card. We may also consider the number of American Express Cards you have opened and closed as well as other factors in making a decision on your welcome offer eligibility.
Earn 5,000 Lowe's Business Rewards Points To be eligible to earn 5,000 Lowe's Business Rewards bonus points, you must use The Lowe's Business Rewards Card to complete $100 (the "Threshold Amount") of eligible purchases by the end of your first 30 days of Card Membership. You can earn 5,000 Lowe's Business Rewards points starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $100 may be shorter than 30 days if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 30 day period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Bonus points will appear on your Lowe's Business Rewards statement 8-12 weeks after you reach the Threshold Amount. If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome offer (s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit Lowe's Business Rewards points to your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. Additional Card Members on your account are not eligible for this offer. Your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment of any offers. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.

BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.
Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.

American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

American Express SeatingPlease note that the tickets available through the American Express Seating program are available to all Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

Connect to QuickBooks -disclosuresConnect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online and is available for use with Business Cards from American Express. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.

Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.

Employee Card - Category AlertsMerchants are categorized based on what they primarily sell. You will not receive an alert if an Employee makes a purchase at a merchant from an approved category, whether or not you consider that purchase to be a part of a particular category.

Employee Card Spending LimitsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be set up online or by calling the number on the back of your Card. The Spending Limit is not a guarantee that the Employee Card Member will be able to make purchases up to that limit. There are certain purchases where the limit does not apply, such as, for example, restaurant tips and hotel stays extended beyond their original reservation period, and the overall Account capacity is taken into consideration. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. For more information on the application of the limit, please refer to the Employee Card Spending Limits Terms and Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, which will also be provided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this feature.

Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

FX International Payments - SecureFX International Payments incorporates encryption, both for stored data (such as account information) and for payments created and transmitted in real-time. The FX International Payments platform is deployed within American Express' state of the art data center that features advanced online and offline security and monitoring against internet attacks. FX International Payments implements American Express standards relating to information integrity, transaction security and information security.

FX International Payments Live Exchange Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may not be available outside of business hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)

FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service is not available to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required to complete an application which is subject to review and approval by American Express. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 1-833-319-7265.

Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.

Lowe's 5% DiscountSubject to credit approval. Get 5% off your eligible purchase or order charged to your Lowe's Business Rewards Card from American Express, Lowe's Business Account or Lowe's Accounts Receivable. Valid for purchases in US stores, on Lowes.com, & LowesForPros.com. Customer must pay applicable sales tax. 5% discount will be applied after any other applicable discounts. Offer can't be combined with other credit-related promotional offers. Can't be used in conjunction with: any coupon; Lowe's military discount; Lowe's employee discount; Lowe's low price guarantee; Lowe's volume or special discount programs such as, but not limited to "QSP"; manager discretion price adjustments; contractor packs; or any other offer which expressly states it can't be combined with any other discount credit offer. Can't be used in conjunction with the following products and/or services: extended protection/replacement plans; shipping, delivery or assembly charges; fees or taxes; gift cards; Dacor, ICON, Fisher & Paykel, Monogram, Smeg or Liebherr appliances (some brands not available in all markets/stores); Weber or Kichler products. Excludes Lowe's Consumer Credit Card, Lowe's Visa Accounts and all Lowe's Canada Credit products. The above-referenced list of exclusions is accurate as of 9/2/2017. Please visit https://www.onlinecreditcenter6.com/LowesMarketing/marketing/specialOffers_business.jsp to see the most up-to-date list of exclusions. Lowe's reserves the right to discontinue or alter these terms at any time.

Lowe's Business RewardsYou will receive 1 Lowe's Business Rewards point ("point") for each dollar of eligible purchases on your Lowe's Business Rewards Card from American Express ("Card Account"). You will receive 1 additional point (for a total of 2 points) for each dollar of eligible purchases on your Card Account at Lowe's stores, and Lowes.com. You will receive 2 additional points (for a total of 3 points) for each dollar of eligible purchases on your Card Account at restaurants located in the U.S., at office supply stores located in the U.S. (office supplies purchased at other retail stores are excluded), and on monthly wireless telephone services purchased directly from U.S. wireless telephone service providers (purchases of hardware and equipment are excluded; any purchases from third parties and resellers are excluded).Lowe's Business Rewards points can be redeemed for Lowe's® Gift Cards, American Express® Gift Cards, Gas Reward Cards, and Outdoor Reward Cards (Outdoor Reward Cards retailers include L.L.Bean, Cabela's®, Austad's® and Bass Pro Shops®). Redemption starts as low as 2,500 points. All gift and Reward cards are available in $25, $50, and $100 denominations. Eligible Purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments,or purchases of any cash equivalents. Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not earn additional points if the merchant's code is not eligible. Purchases made through a third-party payment account or on an online marketplace (with multiple retailers) will not earn additional points. A purchase may not earn additional points if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet.

Lowe's Business Rewards Redemption OptionsThe American Express® Gift Card, the Gas Rewards Card, and Outdoor Rewards Card can be used at U.S merchants that accept American Express® Cards. No ATM cash withdrawal. Some limitations apply, including restrictions on use at cruise lines or for recurring billing. See Cardholder Agreements for complete details. Cards cannot be redeemed for cash except where required by law. Cards are issued by American Express Prepaid Card Management Corporations.When using your Card to pay for gasoline, we recommend you prepay inside the station rather than paying for gasoline at the pump. However, if you pay for gasoline at the pump please note many pumps seek a preauthorization before allowing you to use the Card which could be up to $75 or more. This is called a "Preauthorization Request". If you have insufficient funds on your Card to cover the "Preauthorization Request", the Card may be declined. When a merchant submits this Preauthorization Request, we will hold the amount of the Preauthorization Request until the final transaction is cleared. If the total cost of your gasoline purchase is less than the Preauthorization Request, we will release the difference between the total gasoline purchase and the Preauthorization Request, typically within 8 business days. During the period when funds are temporarily held, funds will not be available for use.

Rewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, conditions and restrictions vary by individual Card products.

Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling within the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weather or on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.

Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.

Spend ManagerSpend ManagerSM is a feature of American Express Business and Corporate Cards. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed. Receipts will be stored until the earliest of the following: (1) seven years from the end of the year that the receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that your online account is closed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, American Express may delete or purge receipts for any reason in its sole discretion, with or without notice.

Spend Manager and Connect to QuickBooks -disclosureSpend ManagerSM and Connect to QuickBooks® are two separate business tools available with Business Cards from American Express that were created to work together. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed in your QuickBooks. You must enroll in Connect to QuickBooks from your American Express online account. Connect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online. For details about Spend ManagerSM, go to www.americanexpress.com/business/spendmanager. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.

Spend Manager Mobile AppThe Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available with American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Not all functionality is available with Corporate Cards. The Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available on the App Store(R) and Google Play™. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.

Year–End SummaryThe Online Year–End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.

AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide
Baggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.

Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.

Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than two years, and we provide two additional years* if the original manufacturer's warranty is between two years and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms. *For residents of Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands, Your coverage will match the original warranty period for warranties of less than one (1) year or provide one (1) additional year if the warranty is between one (1) and five (5) years.

Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.

Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.


