INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

16.24% (Prime Rate + 10.99%) to 24.24% (Prime Rate + 18.99%), based on your creditworthiness as determined at the time of account opening. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.



APR for Cash Advances

26.99% (Prime Rate+ 21.74%)This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.


Penalty APR and When It Applies

29.99% (Prime Rate+ 25.99%)This APR will apply, subject to the following paragraph, to all balances on your account if you:1) make a payment that is returned;2) make 2 late payments in 12 months; or3) do not make the Minimum Payment due by the closing date of the billing period in which it is due.When Does the Penalty APR Apply to Payment Terms Purchases? If the penalty APR is applied for any of these reasons, it will apply, subject to applicable law, to Payment Terms purchases from the day after the Payment Terms period ends and for the remaining duration that the Penalty APR applies. See When we charge interest in Part 2.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply?  If the penalty APR is applied for any of these reasons, it will apply, subject to applicable law, for at least 12 billing periods in a row. In addition, the penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments with no returned payments for 12 billing periods in a row.


Paying Interest

Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period.  We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire standard balance by the due date each month.  Payment Terms purchases will be included in the standard balance after their Payment Terms period has expired.  We will not charge you interest on Payment Terms purchases during their Payment Terms period. We will begin charging interest on cash advances on the transaction date.



Fees
Annual Membership Fee

$0


Transaction Fees

 


Cash Advance
Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction
None

Penalty Fees

 

Late Payment
Up to $38

Overlimit
None

Returned Payment
$38


How We Will Calculate Your Balance:We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases.)"


 TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement.
 By submitting this application, you, as an individual and the Authorizing Officer of the Company, (a) are requesting us to open an Account in the name of the Company, (b) are requesting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be jointly and severally liable with the Company for all charges to the account, and (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be approved for a Card Account. This offer is available to US Residents. When you use the Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you for the Account. The Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which impacts the opportunity to have claims related to the Account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the terms of, or add new terms to, the Card Member Agreement at any time, subject to applicable law. We may apply any changed or new terms to any existing and future balances on your Account, subject to applicable law. 
 
  You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.
 Additional Cards: You must notify Additional Card Members that we may obtain, provide, and use information about them and that their use of your Account is subject to certain provisions of the Card Member Agreement. The maximum number of Additional Cards issued on each Account is 99.
 Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.
 New York Residents: New York Residents may contact the New York state Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York Department of Financial Services: 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov
Cash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.
Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
 Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.
 Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.
 
Amazon Business Prime American Express Card is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2018 American Express National Bank.

POID GBPX:0002

OFFER TERMS
Upon approval of your Amazon Business American Express Card or Amazon Business Prime American Express Card application, Amazon will load an Amazon.com Gift Card into the Amazon account from which you applied or, if upon approval, you receive a link provided by Amazon on the application approval page to create a new Amazon Business account and you use the link to create the new account within 30 minutes of receiving the link, Amazon will load the Amazon.com Gift Card into the new Amazon Business account instead. Gift Card cannot be used to purchase other gift cards. Amazon.com Gift Cards are issued by ACI Gift Cards, Inc., a Washington Company. See www.amazon.com/gc-legal for complete terms and conditions.

BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.
Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.

Amazon Business Enhanced Data ViewsEnhanced Data Views: When you make purchases on Amazon Business using your Card, Amazon will collect and share transaction data with American Express for the purpose of providing item-level purchase detail on your Card statement.

Amazon Rewards or Payment TermsRewards option: When using your Amazon Business American Express Card or Amazon Business Prime American Express Card for eligible purchases at a designated Amazon property you will have the option to either (i) earn % Back rewards or (ii) apply Payment Terms. We refer to this as the rewards option. You will not earn % Back rewards on any purchase to which you apply Payment Terms.Eligible Prime memberships means a current Prime membership or Business Prime membership, as determined by Amazon and governed by the Prime or Business Prime terms and conditions. Please sign-in to Amazon.com/businesscard to learn more about eligible Prime memberships.The designated Amazon properties are: Amazon.com, Amazon.com/Business, U.S. Whole Foods Market locations, including Whole Foods Market 365 stores and www.wholefoodsmarket.com, U.S. Amazon Go locations, U.S. Amazon Books locations, and the business or businesses operating as Amazon Web Services in the U.S.Eligible purchases are purchases of products and services, minus returns and other credits. Buying products and services with your Card, in most cases, will count as an eligible purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't be eligible for the rewards option and won't earn % Back rewards: fees or interest charges payable to American Express, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, and purchases of other cash-like transactions not made at designated Amazon properties, such as purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, and person-to-person payments. Additional terms and restrictions apply.Purchases made on a designated Amazon property will be recognized as such. However, purchases made elsewhere may not be categorized as you expect. Merchants are typically assigned codes and categorized based on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not receive higher % Back rewards if the merchant's code is not eligible. Purchases made through a third-party payment account or on an online marketplace with multiple retailers will not receive a higher % Back reward. A purchase may not receive a higher % Back reward if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet.Payment Terms: If you make an eligible purchase, and you select the Payment Terms option, or if your default selection for Payment Terms applies, payment will be due no less than 90 days from the date of purchase (with eligible Prime membership) or 60 days from the date of purchase (without eligible Prime membership).% Back and points: '% Back rewards' are the rewards you earn under the Amazon rewards program. % Back rewards are tracked as points and each 100 points earned in % Back rewards is equal to $1.How you can earn % Back rewards:You'll earn:5% Back (with eligible Prime membership) or 3% Back (without eligible Prime membership) for each $1 of eligible purchases made at a designated Amazon property when the % Back rewards option applies.2% Back for each $1 spent on eligible purchases in the following rewards categories: U.S gas stations, U.S. restaurants, and wireless telephone services purchased directly from U.S. service providers.1% Back for each $1 spent on other eligible purchases.Amazon Business Rewards Program Agreement: Terms and conditions for the Amazon Business Rewards Program apply. Visit www.americanexpress.com/amazonrewards for more information.

Amazon Shop with PointsHow you can use points: You can use points to redeem for eligible purchases at Amazon.com and Amazon.com/Business or towards a charge on your statement.

Amazon Shop with PointsPoints expiration / forfeiting points: Points don't expire as long as your account remains open, however, you may forfeit points in your program account if your account status changes, you make a late payment or otherwise as described in the terms of the Rewards Program.

American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

American Express® AppThe American Express® App and app features are available only for eligible Card accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible. To log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.

American Express® AppiOS and Android only. See app store listings for operating system info

Connect to QuickBooks -disclosuresConnect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online and is available for use with Business Cards from American Express. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.

Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.

Employee Card Spending LimitsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be set up online or by calling the number on the back of your Card. The Spending Limit is not a guarantee that the Employee Card Member will be able to make purchases up to that limit. There are certain purchases where the limit does not apply, such as, for example, restaurant tips and hotel stays extended beyond their original reservation period, and the overall Account capacity is taken into consideration. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. For more information on the application of the limit, please refer to the Employee Card Spending Limits Terms and Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, which will also be provided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this feature.

Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

FX International Payments - SecureFX International Payments incorporates encryption, both for stored data (such as account information) and for payments created and transmitted in real-time. The FX International Payments platform is deployed within American Express' state of the art data center that features advanced online and offline security and monitoring against internet attacks. FX International Payments implements American Express standards relating to information integrity, transaction security and information security.

FX International Payments Live Exchange Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may not be available outside of business hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)

FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service is not available to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required to complete an application which is subject to review and approval by American Express. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 888-391-9971.

Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.

Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, or (4) rates booked through the Fine Hotels & Resorts® and The Hotel Collection programs. Details

No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.

Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.

Rewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, conditions and restrictions vary by individual Card products.

Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling within the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weather or on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.

Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.

Spend ManagerSpend ManagerSM is a feature of American Express Business and Corporate Cards. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed. Receipts will be stored until the earliest of the following: (1) seven years from the end of the year that the receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that your online account is closed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, American Express may delete or purge receipts for any reason in its sole discretion, with or without notice.

Spend Manager and Connect to QuickBooks -disclosureSpend ManagerSM and Connect to QuickBooks® are two separate business tools available with Business Cards from American Express that were created to work together. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed in your QuickBooks. You must enroll in Connect to QuickBooks from your American Express online account. Connect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online. For details about Spend ManagerSM, go to www.americanexpress.com/business/spendmanager. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.

Spend Manager Mobile AppThe Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available with American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Not all functionality is available with Corporate Cards. The Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available on the App Store(R) and Google PlayTM. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.

Year-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.

AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide
Baggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.

Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.

Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than two years, and we provide two additional years* if the original manufacturer's warranty is between two years and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.*For residents of Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands, Your coverage will continue to match the original warranty period for warranties of less than one (1) year or provide one (1) additional year if the warranty is between one (1) and five (5) years.

Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.

Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.


