INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

17.24% to 26.24%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.


APR for Balance Transfers

17.24% to  26.24% APR on balance transfers requested within 60 days of account opening based on your creditworthiness and other factors.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.


APR for Cash Advances

26.74%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.


Penalty APR and When it Applies

29.99%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied to new transactions on your account if:1) you make one or more late payments; or2) your payment is returned by your bankWe may also consider your creditworthiness in determining whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.


Paying Interest

Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your entire balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance transfers on the transaction date.


Plan Fee  (Fixed Finance Charge) 

Up to 1.17% of each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would otherwise apply to the purchase and other factors.


For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore



Fees
Annual Membership Fee

$450


Transaction Fees

 

Cash Advance
Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction
None

Penalty Fees

 

Late Payment
Up to $38

Returned Payment
Up to $38

Overlimit
None


How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."
Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%. Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 03/22/2018.

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement.
By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.

You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.
 When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. 
 We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership.
 Additional Cards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with them.
 Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.
 Balance Transfers: Only balance transfers from accounts in your name requested within 60 days from the date of account opening will be approved. We will charge your Card account for the total approved amount of all balance transfers. No transfer will be processed if: (1) any requested transfer is less than $100; (2) the total amount of all requested transfers exceeds the lesser of $7,500 or 75% of your credit limit; or (3) charging the requested transfers to your Card account would cause your total account balance to exceed your credit limit. We will not initiate any balance transfer until at least ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card Member Agreement to you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a balance transfer. Please be sure to make all required payments on any account from which you are transferring a balance until the balance transfer is credited to that account. You authorize us to verify the balance of such accounts. You may not transfer balances from any account issued by American Express or any of its affiliates. Additional Card Members may not request or authorize balance transfers. Your balance transfer request may be declined if any of your American Express accounts are not in good standing. Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree. 
 New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Department of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govNotice to California Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.

Cash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.
Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
 Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.
 Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.

The Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card is issued by an American Express bank. ©2018 American Express. All rights reserved. ©2018 Hilton.


POID G9AX:0001

OFFER TERMS
Welcome offer not available to applicants who have or have had this Card. We may also consider the number of American Express Cards you have opened and closed as well as other factors in making a decision on your welcome offer eligibility.
100,000 Hilton Honors Bonus PointsYou can earn 100,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points after you spend $4,000 on purchases on your Card in your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved. Purchases to meet the spend requirement of this offer include those made by both the Basic and Additional Card Members on the Card Account. Purchases to meet the spend requirement of this offer do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchase of travelers checks, purchase or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or other cash equivalents. Hilton Honors Bonus Points will be credited to your Hilton Honors account 6 – 8 weeks after the spend requirement has been reached. If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome bonus offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer(s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit Bonus Points to your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us. Additional Card Members are not eligible to receive this offer. Bonus Points do not count toward elite tier qualification; for more information, visit HiltonHonors.com/terms. Your account must be in good standing and not in default at the time of fulfillment of any offers. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time. In rare instances, your period to spend $4,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped).

BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.
$100 Property CreditWhen you use your Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card to book through HiltonHonors.com/aspirecard or by calling Hilton Honors at (855) 292-5757, for a two-night minimum stay at Waldorf Astoria® Hotels & Resorts, and Conrad® Hotels & Resorts, you will be eligible to receive a property credit of up to $100 per booking. You must confirm you are booking a room package eligible for the $100 property credit benefit at time of booking. Please reference ZZAAP1 when booking by phone. Card Member will receive a hotel credit equal to $1 for each dollar of qualifying charges made at the Hilton property under the Card Member's booking, up to $100. The property credit will be applied as hotel credit on your bill at checkout (and not on your American Express billing statement). Qualifying charges do NOT include property fees, taxes, gratuities and the cost of the room. Additional exclusions based on specific hotel restrictions may also apply (including, without limitation, purchases within the hotel that are made with a third party merchant). Please see the applicable hotel front desk for details. Stays booked by either the Basic or an Additional Card Member on the eligible Card account are eligible for the $100 property credit benefit. Each booking is only eligible to receive a property credit of up to $100, regardless of the number of rooms booked. The property credit cannot be carried over to another stay, is not redeemable for cash, and expires at checkout if not used. The property credit is non-exchangeable and non-refundable and is applied in USD or equivalent in local currency based on exchange rate at time of checkout. May not be combined with other offers or programs unless indicated. Back-to-back stays within a 24-hour period at the same property are considered one stay.

$250 Airline Fee Credit*American Express relies on accurate airline transaction data to identify incidental fee purchases. If you do not see a statement credit for a qualifying incidental purchase on your eligible Card after 4 weeks, simply call the number on the back of your Card. See terms & conditions for more details.

$250 Airline Fee CreditBenefit is available to Hilton Honors Aspire Card Members only. To receive statement credits of up to $250 per calendar year toward incidental air travel fees, Card Member must select one qualifying airline at www.americanexpress.com/airlinecreditchoice. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Card Account can select the qualifying airline. Card Members who have not chosen one qualifying airline will be able to do so at any time. Card Members who have already selected one qualifying airline will be able to change their choice one time each year in January at www.americanexpress.com/airlinecreditchoice or by calling the number on the back of the Card. Card Members who do not change their airline selection will remain with their current airline. Statement Credits: Incidental air travel fees must be charged to the Card Member on the eligible Card Account for the benefit to apply. Purchases made by both the Basic and Additional Card Members on the eligible Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, each Card Account is eligible for up to a total of $250 per calendar year in statement credits across all Cards on the Card Account. Incidental air travel fees must be separate charges from airline ticket charges. Fees not charged by the Card Member's airline of choice (e.g. wireless internet and fees incurred with airline alliance partners) do not qualify for statement credits. Incidental air travel fees charged prior to selection of a qualifying airline are not eligible for statement credits. Airline tickets, upgrades, mileage points purchases, mileage points transfer fees, gift cards, duty free purchases, and award tickets are not deemed to be incidental fees. The airline must submit the charge under the appropriate merchant code, industry code, or required service or product identifier for the charge to be recognized as an incidental air travel fee. Please allow 2-4 weeks after the qualifying incidental air travel fee is charged to your Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Card Account. We rely on airlines to submit the correct information on airline transactions, so please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 4 weeks from the date of purchase. Card Members remain responsible for timely payment of all charges.

$250 Hilton Resort CreditDuring each year of your Card Membership ("reward year"), you are eligible to receive up to $250 total in statement credits on your Card Account for eligible purchases made directly with participating Hilton Resorts with your Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card during that reward year. Your first reward year begins on your account opening date. Each subsequent reward year begins on the anniversary of your account opening date. Eligible Hilton Resort purchases must be made directly with the participating Hilton Resort and charged to your Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card account for the benefit to apply. Incidental charges (including charges made at restaurants, spas, and other establishments within the hotel property) must be charged to your room and paid for with your Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card at checkout in order for them to be recognized as Hilton Resort purchases. Visit hilton.com/resorts for the list of participating Hilton Resorts. Purchases made by both the Basic and Additional Card Members on the eligible Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, each Card Account is eligible for up to a total of $250 per renewal year in statement credits across all Cards on the Card Account. Please allow 8-12 weeks after the eligible Hilton purchase is charged to your Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. Please call the number on the back of your Card if statement credits have not posted after 12 weeks from the date of purchase. Card Members remain responsible for timely payment of all charges.

Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.

American Express Preferred SeatingEligible CardsPreferred Seating is available to U.S. Card Members with an American Express® Gold Card, Platinum Card® or Centurion® Card from American Express, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card, Delta Reserve® Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card, Hilton Honors Ascend Card, Hilton Honors Aspire Card, American Express® Corporate Gold Card, Corporate Platinum Card® or Corporate Centurion® Card from American Express, the Executive Business Card, American Express® Premiere Rewards Gold Card , Business Gold Card, Business Gold Rewards Card, Business Platinum Card®, or Business Centurion® Card from American Express.Tickets available through the American Express Preferred Seating program are available exclusively for qualifying Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets must be purchased with an eligible American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Tickets are subject to availability and apply to select events. Availability will vary by performance based on prior sales. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Redemption InformationTo redeem an American Express Preferred Seating offer, please proceed to purchase your ticket through any primary ticketing channel including online, mobile, or phone and provide the 10-digit Customer Service phone number located on the back of your Card when prompted.

American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

Amex Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app features are available only for eligible Card accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.To log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.

Amex Mobile appiOS and Android only. See app store listings for operating system info

Annual Weekend Night Reward from Hilton HonorsDuring each year of your Card Membership, you will receive one Annual Weekend Night Reward from Hilton Honors. The Annual Weekend Night Reward will be issued in the form of a redeemable code and sent in an email from Hilton Honors to the email address listed on your Hilton Honors account. You will receive the reward email within 8-14 weeks after opening your Card Account and each year within 8-14 weeks after your Card Account anniversary date. This benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member on the Card Account. The Annual Weekend Night Reward can be redeemed for one weekend night standard accommodation, double occupancy, subject to availability at properties in the Hilton portfolio, excluding those listed at HiltonHonors.com/weekendreward. A weekend night is defined as Friday, Saturday or Sunday night. To redeem the Annual Weekend Night Reward, Card Members must call 1-800-446-6677 and mention the code provided by Hilton Honors. The Annual Weekend Night Reward expires within one year from the date of issuance and must be redeemed on or before the expiration date. An Annual Weekend Night Reward will be forfeited if not redeemed on or before the expiration date. Card members are only eligible to receive this benefit once per year of your Card membership. You are only eligible to receive the Annual Weekend Night Reward once per year of Card membership, and you are only able to receive this benefit with an upgrade to the Hilton Honors Aspire Card one time. To ensure receipt of the reward e-mail notification, you should confirm the correct email address is listed on your Hilton Honors account profile. You can also check your Hilton Honors account for the status of any Annual Weekend Night Reward issued to you (including the expiration date) by calling 1-800-446-6677. The Annual Weekend Night Reward is not transferable and may not be redeemed for cash or Hilton Honors Points. An Annual Weekend Night Reward may be combined with other Hilton or Free Night promotions in market and may be added to an existing paid or Reward stay. Annual Weekend Night Reward includes all applicable taxes; however, the Card Member may be responsible for payment of additional mandatory resort fees at participating Hilton resorts where resort fees are applicable, and is responsible for all incidental charges. Annual Weekend Night Reward redemptions may be cancelled pursuant to the Weekend Night Reward cancellation policy on the Hilton Honors Program website (hiltonhonors.com).

ConciergeThere is no cost to you for services a concierge performs on your behalf, although you are responsible for any purchases, fees and/or shipping charges you authorize to be charged to your Card account. We reserve the right to note profile and preference data for servicing and marketing purposes. We are not responsible for notifying a restaurant of any food allergies when suggesting or making reservations at restaurants.

Destination FamilyValid for new bookings made through American Express Travel and eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies with participating travel providers: Abercrombie & Kent, Royal Caribbean International, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider. Payment must be made with an American Express Card. Program benefits may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit package per booking. May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits are subject to change. Benefits listed are non- transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. Available to all U.S. American Express Corporate, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.

Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.

Drive Off With Savings & Hilton Honors Bonus PointsA qualifying rental must meet the following: The Primary Driver's Hilton Honors number must be provided at time of reservation. The name of the member associated with the Hilton Honors number provided must match the Primary Driver's name on the rental to qualify for mileage awards. Only one Hilton Honors member per car rental will be credited with points. Special contracted corporate or promotional rates such as employee, net tour, travel agent, group, wholesale or package rates, crew, insurance/dealer replacement or other or non-revenue rentals do not qualify for points. Multiple rentals that encompass different cars on the same or consecutive days from the same location shall be counted as a single qualifying rental even if the member checks the car in and back out during the same period.

Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

Hilton Honors Bonus Points on Eligible PurchasesHilton Honors Bonus Points earned using your Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card: You will receive 3 Hilton Honors Bonus Points for each dollar of eligible purchases. You will receive 11 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points, for a total of 14, for each dollar of eligible purchases charged directly with a property within the Hilton portfolio, including bookings and incidental charges. To receive the 11 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points for charges made at the time of booking, the booking must be made directly through a reservation channel operated by Hilton. You can receive the 11 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points for incidental charges made on the Hilton hotel property (including charges made at restaurants, spas, and other establishments) if those charges can be and are charged to your room and paid for with your Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card at checkout. You will receive 4 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points, for a total of 7, for each dollar of eligible purchases at the following categories of merchants: restaurants located in the U.S., airfare on a scheduled flight charged directly with passenger airlines or amextravel.com (charter flights and private jet flights are excluded); and purchases directly from select major car rental companies listed at americanexpress.com/rewards-info. To get additional points for a restaurant purchase, the purchase must be at a restaurant located in the United States. You will NOT get additional points for purchases made at a restaurant owned by a U.S. company but located outside the U.S. (e.g. Hard Rock Café in Paris). You also will NOT get additional points for purchases at nightclubs, convenience stores, grocery stores, or supermarkets. You may not get additional points for purchases at a restaurant located within another establishment (e.g. a restaurant inside a hotel, casino, or event venue). For example, purchases made at a restaurant located within a hotel may be recognized as a purchase at a hotel, not a restaurant. Bonus Points do not count toward elite tier qualification in the Hilton Honors program. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Hilton Honors Bonus Points you earn with your Card will be posted to your Hilton Honors account 6 to 8 weeks after the end of your billing period. Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not earn additional points if the merchant's code is not eligible. Purchases made through a third-party payment account or on an online marketplace (with multiple retailers) will not earn additional points. A purchase may not earn additional points if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet. Please visit americanexpress.com/rewards-info for more information about rewards.

Hilton Honors Complimentary Diamond StatusYou will receive complimentary Hilton Honors Diamond status with your Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card. Complimentary Diamond status benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member. If your Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card is cancelled for any reason, your complimentary Hilton Honors Diamond status provided with the Card will be cancelled. American Express reserves the right to change, modify or revoke complimentary Diamond status at any time. If your complimentary Diamond status is cancelled, you may be able to maintain your Diamond status by qualifying under the Hilton Honors Program terms. Diamond status benefits are subject to availability and vary by hotel. For more information on Diamond status benefits or how to maintain Diamond status each year with qualifying stays, nights or Hilton Honors Base Points through the Hilton Honors Program, and for complete Terms and Conditions, visit HiltonHonors.com/MemberBenefits.

Hilton Honors Program & CopyrightHilton Honors membership, earning and redemption of Points are subject to Hilton Honors Terms & Conditions. Excludes Hampton by Hilton Hotels in Mainland China. © 2018 HiltonHilton Honors and all trademarks of the Hilton Portfolio are owned by Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. or its subsidiaries.

Instant Card NumberInstant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly validate your identity. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an instant account number that you can use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical card will not be required. You may not have access to your full credit line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 business days of account approval.

No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.

Pay ItPay ItSM is only available in the American Express Mobile app for your eligible Account. With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a billed purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to that billed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we apply payments.Your account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or Additional Card Member of a Credit Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express that is not cancelled. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Charge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.

Plan ItPlan ItSM allows you to create up to 10 active payment plans for qualifying purchases of $100 or more, subject to a plan fee. This fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged each month that a plan is active.You may use this feature by selecting a qualifying purchase and a plan duration. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your American Express online account or American Express Mobile for your eligible Account. Qualifying purchases do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents, purchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees or any fee owed to us, including Annual Membership fees.Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness or your credit limit. You will not be able to create plans if your Account is canceled. You will not be able to create plans if one or more of your American Express accounts is enrolled into a debt management program, or has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is delinquent. The number of active plans and plan durations offered to you will be at our discretion and will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, the purchase amount, and your Account history.Plan It is available to Credit Card accounts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Account can select a qualifying purchase for Plan It. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Charge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.

Premium Global Assist® HotlineWhile Premium Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members may be responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. Premium Global Assist Hotline may provide emergency medical transportation assistance at no cost if approved and coordinated by Premium Global Assist Hotline. For full Terms and Conditions call 1-800-345-AMEX or see americanexpress.com/GAterms.

Premium Roadside AssistancePremium Roadside Assistance provides the following services at no additional cost up to 4 times per calendar year when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle: towing up to 10 miles, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Card Member will be charged for the costs of towing in excess of 10 miles and any other additional services. Coverage is available in the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. In case of inclement weather, we may be unable to provide you with services. Services may not be available or may be at the cost of the Card Member on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.

Priority Pass SelectPriority Pass Select membership provides access to airport lounges participating in the Priority Pass Select program. You must enroll your Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card in the Priority Pass™ Select program to access the benefits. Once enrolled, you will receive your Priority Pass Select card directly from Priority Pass within 10 to 14 business days. There is no membership fee for Hilton Honors Aspire Card Members. All lounge visits are complimentary, with up to 2 guests free of charge. You will be charged $27 for any additional guest. Priority Pass Select membership automatically renews on the anniversary date of your enrollment in the Priority Pass Select program. Priority Pass membership may be cancelled by American Express if your Card is cancelled. Priority Pass Select lounge partners and locations are subject to change. To access a lounge, you must show your valid Priority Pass Select card and an airline ticket for travel on the same day for you and each of your guests. Additional Card Members are not eligible for this benefit. In some lounges, Priority Pass Select member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Amenities may vary among airport lounge locations. Lounge fees and rules of participating lounges are subject to change. Priority Pass Select membership is subject to the Priority Pass Conditions of Use. For complete Priority Pass terms and conditions and a listing of participating lounges, please visit www.prioritypass.com/select

Priority Pass Select- Unlimited VisitsThese Terms and Conditions govern Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card Members' participation in and use of the Priority Pass™ Select program. Priority Pass is an independent airport lounge access program. At any visit to a Priority Pass Select lounge that admits guests, you may bring in two guests for no charge. You will be charged $27 for any additional guests. Some lounges do not admit guests. By enrolling in Priority Pass Select, you agree that you will be responsible for any additional accompanying guest visits and that your Card will be automatically charged after you have signed for the additional guest visit and it has been reported to Priority Pass by the participating lounge. Additionally, you acknowledge and agree that American Express will verify your Card account number and provide updated Card account information to Priority Pass. Priority Pass will use this information to fulfill on the Priority Pass Select program and may use this information for marketing related to the program. Once enrolled, Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card Members whose Card account is not cancelled may access participating Priority Pass Select lounges by presenting your Priority Pass Select card and airline boarding pass. In some lounges, Priority Pass Select member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Priority Pass Select members must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. Amenities may vary among airport lounge locations. Conference rooms, where available, may be reserved for a nominal fee. Priority Pass Select lounge partners and locations are subject to change. All Priority Pass Select members must adhere to the Priority Pass Conditions of Use, which will be sent to you with your membership package, and can be viewed at www.prioritypass.com/select. Upon receipt of your enrollment information, Priority Pass will send your Priority Pass Select card and membership package which you should receive within 10-14 business days. If you have not received the Priority Pass card after 14 days, please contact American Express using the number on the back of your Card. Please note, Additional Card Members are not eligible for membership.

Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.

Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling within the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weather or on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.

ShopRunnerShopRunner Benefit Terms and Conditions Enrolling in the Benefit. To get the free ShopRunner membership benefit compliments of American Express (the "benefit"), you must go to www.shoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify your eligibility for the benefit with an eligible Card account number and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner membership account ("ShopRunner account"). For details on how the ShopRunner membership works, please see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use of your ShopRunner membership benefit. You may also be able to enroll in this benefit through access provided to ShopRunner at participating online stores or through an email provided by American Express if it has determined that you have an eligible Card. An "eligible Card" means an American Express U.S. Consumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card that is not cancelled and that is issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible. ShopRunner will verify with American Express the eligibility of your Credit or Charge Card account number for the benefit. Maintaining the Benefit. To maintain this benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must maintain an eligible Card. The benefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner account if you do not have an eligible Card. You can maintain only one benefit per eligible Card. During your enrollment in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Express will verify your benefit eligibility. Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Memberships. If you enroll in the benefit and sign up with an existing ShopRunner account, ShopRunner will cancel the term of your existing ShopRunner account. If you paid a fee for any unused portion of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRunner will provide you with a pro rata refund for that portion in accordance with ShopRunner's refund policy. The refund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after enrollment and will be issued to the payment method you used to pay the fee. If a portion of the cancelled term of membership was promotional or free, the free period will be cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by you. If you currently have a free or promotional membership on your ShopRunner account, you should consider whether to enroll in the benefit at this time.General Terms. An eligible Card can be used to verify eligibility for only one benefit enrollment. American Express may receive and use your personal data from ShopRunner, which may include personally identifiable information and Credit Card information, to determine eligibility and further develop features and services related to the benefit. American Express may send you emails regarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any information American Express collects from you or from ShopRunner shall be governed by the American Express Online Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpress.com/privacy). American Express may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminate this benefit at any time. You can review these Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.

Spending LimitsWhen you request that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreement.At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing period.Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.The Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions.

The American Express Auto Purchasing Program DisclosureFor a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that a Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP on any in-stock vehicle that is the same make, model, and trim as your Configured Vehicle. The Guaranteed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is based on a vehicle without factory or dealer installed options and includes generally available manufacturer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that the Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP of the vehicle with the specific VIN listed and includes savings on factory-installed options. If you change your vehicle or the optional features, it will change your savings. For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.

Weekend Night Reward from Hilton HonorsIf, in any calendar year of Card Membership, your total eligible purchases on your Hilton Honors Aspire account reach $60,000, you will receive a Weekend Night Reward from Hilton Honors. The Weekend Night Reward will be issued in the form of a redeemable code and sent to you in an email from Hilton Honors to the email address listed on your Hilton Honors account. You will receive the reward email within 8-12 weeks after you have met the purchase requirement. This benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member; however, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Members will contribute to the purchase requirement. Eligible purchases to meet the purchase requirement are for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or other cash equivalents. If you transfer to a different Hilton Honors American Express card, only the eligible purchases you make on the new Card will count towards the new card's Weekend Night Reward purchase requirement. Any eligible purchases you made on your old card will not count toward the new card's Weekend Night Reward purchase requirement. The Weekend Night Reward can be redeemed for one weekend night standard accommodation, double occupancy, subject to availability, at properties in the Hilton portfolio, excluding those listed at HiltonHonors.com/weekendreward. A weekend night is defined as Friday, Saturday or Sunday night. To redeem the Weekend Night Reward, Card Members must call 1-800-446-6677 and mention the code provided by Hilton Honors. A Weekend Night Reward expires within one year from the date of issuance and must be redeemed on or before the expiration date. A Weekend Night Reward will be forfeited if not redeemed on or before the expiration date. To ensure receipt of the reward e-mail notification, you should confirm the correct email address is listed on your Hilton Honors account profile. You can also check your Hilton Honors account for the status of any Weekend Night Rewards issued to you (including the expiration date) by calling 1-800-446-6677. This Reward is not transferable and may not be redeemed for cash or Hilton Honors Points. A Weekend Night Reward may be combined with other Hilton or Free Night promotions in market and may be added to existing paid or Reward stays. A Weekend Night Reward includes all applicable taxes; however, the Card Member may be responsible for payment of additional mandatory resort fees at participating Hilton Resorts where resort fees are applicable, and is responsible for all incidental charges. Weekend Night Reward redemptions may be cancelled pursuant to the Weekend Night Reward cancellation policy on the Hilton Honors Program website (hiltonhonors.com).

Year-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.

AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide
Baggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.

Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as damages to other vehicles or property, or injury to other persons. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.

Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.

Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.

Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.


