Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGE
SAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases0% introductory APR for the first 15 
months.After that, your APR will be 14.49% to 25.49%, based on your creditworthi
ness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening. This APR wi
ll vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers0% intr
oductory APR for the first 15 months on balance transfers requested within 60 da
ys of account opening.After that, your APR for those transactions and any other 
balance transfer requests, if we accept them, will be 14.49% to 25.49% based on 
your creditworthiness and other factors. This APR will vary with the market base
d on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the marke
t based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When it Applies29.99%This APR will var
y with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied to new transac
tions on your account if:1) you make one or more late payments; or2) your paymen
t is returned by your bankWe may also consider your creditworthiness in determin
ing whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.How Long Will the Pe
nalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for at least 6 mon
ths. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR is applied. The
 Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, w
ith no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.Paying InterestYour 
due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not
 charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your entire balance (or 
if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) by the due date
. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance transfers on the 
transaction date.Plan Fee  (Fixed Finance Charge) 0% introductory plan fee on ea
ch purchase moved into a plan during the first 15 months. After that, your plan 
fee will be up to 1.13% of each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan dur
ation, the APR that would otherwise apply to the purchase and other factors.For 
Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more abou
t factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the websit
e of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/
learnmoreFeesAnnual Membership Fee$0Transaction Fees Balance TransferEither $5 o
r 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $5 
or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transacti
on2.7% of each transaction after conversion to US dollars.Penalty Fees Late Paym
entUp to $38Returned PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneHow We Will Calculate Your Bal
ance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."L
oss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty 
APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its 
Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%. Variable APRs
 for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Stree
t Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may
 not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime R
ate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variabl
e APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher 
Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to varia
ble APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs ar
e accurate as of 03/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agre
ement.By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account i
n your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or
 over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.You prom
ise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You author
ize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting 
agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share informat
ion we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as p
ermitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer r
eport and the name and address of the agency that provided it. When you use your
 Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member A
greement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an ar
bitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to 
the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class 
action or similar proceeding.  We may change the Card Member Agreement subject t
o applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competit
ive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and w
e will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We canno
t change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership. Additional
 Cards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use yo
ur Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsibl
e for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow t
o use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to 
give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it wi
th them. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to 
obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an a
ccount, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that w
ill allow us to verify your identity. Balance Transfers: Only balance transfers 
from accounts in your name requested within 60 days from the date of account ope
ning will be approved. We will charge your Card account for the total approved a
mount of all balance transfers. No transfer will be processed if: (1) any reques
ted transfer is less than $100; (2) the total amount of all requested transfers 
exceeds the lesser of $7,500 or 75% of your credit limit; or (3) charging the re
quested transfers to your Card account would cause your total account balance to
 exceed your credit limit. We will not initiate any balance transfer until at le
ast ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card Member Agreemen
t to you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a balance trans
fer. Please be sure to make all required payments on any account from which you 
are transferring a balance until the balance transfer is credited to that accoun
t. You authorize us to verify the balance of such accounts. You may not transfer
 balances from any account issued by American Express or any of its affiliates. 
Additional Card Members may not request or authorize balance transfers. Your bal
ance transfer request may be declined if any of your American Express accounts a
re not in good standing. Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of 
any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisc
onsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless,
 prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that a
greement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decre
e.  New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Depart
ment of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free informatio
n on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Depa
rtment of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govNotice to Californi
a Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.Cash adv
ance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to 
obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash ad
vances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.Notice to
 Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law wil
l be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon R
esidents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charge
d on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the min
imum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to 
Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors 
make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit re
porting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon requ
est. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.Blue 
Cash Everyday® from American Express is issued by an American Express bank. ©201
8 American Express. All rights reserved.POID CAN7:0029OFFER CODE: R0XA-1RBCX-166
T-07OFFER TERMSWelcome bonus offer not available to applicants who have or have 
had this product.$200 Statement CreditTo qualify for the $200 statement credit, 
you must make purchases with your Blue Cash Everyday® Card from American Express
 that total $1,000 or more within your first 3 months of Card Membership. The st
atement credit will be applied 6-8 weeks after the spend threshold is met. If we
 in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gam
ing in connection with the welcome bonus offer in any way or that you intend to 
do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome bon
us offer(s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your acco
unt within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases yo
u made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit the Statement Credit to,
 we may freeze the Statement Credit credited to, or we may take away the Stateme
nt Credit from your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card
 accounts you may have with us. Qualifying purchases can be made by the Basic Ca
rd Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card Account. Purchases to
 meet the spend requirement do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance tra
nsfers, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloading of
 prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases
 of any cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account are not eligib
le for this offer. To receive the $200 statement credit, your Card account must 
not be past due or cancelled at the time the statement credit is posted to your 
Card account. You can earn the $200 statement credit after you spend $1,000 or m
ore in qualifying purchases on your Card within your first 3 months of Card Memb
ership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your 
period to spend $1,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in recei
ving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some c
ases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purch
ase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you bu
y goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). The st
atement credit will be applied 6-8 weeks after the spend threshold is met.Americ
an Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.BENEFIT TERM
SThe following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.Accou
nt ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing
 Address and Social Security Number.American Express Presale(s)During the specif
ied sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Car
d Members(including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased 
with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Stand
ard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are a
vailable and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Of
fer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Exp
ress. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Amex M
obile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app features are available only for eligible C
ard accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards iss
ued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.To log in, Card Members mus
t have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.Amex Mo
bile appiOS and Android only. See app store listings for operating system infoCa
sh Back ProgramYou will earn cash back only on eligible purchases and in the for
m of Blue Cash Reward Dollars (reward dollars). You can redeem reward dollars fo
r statement credits in increments of 25 whenever your available reward dollars b
alance is 25 or more. You cannot use cash back to pay your Minimum Due. The numb
er of reward dollars you earn is based on a percentage of the dollar amount of y
our eligible purchases during each billing period. From time to time we may at o
ur option offer you other ways to redeem reward dollars, such as for gift cards 
or merchandise. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus re
turns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest char
ges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases 
or reloading of prepaid cards,purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments
, or purchases of other cash equivalents. You will earn a reward of 3% on the fi
rst $6,000 of eligible purchases in a calendar year at supermarkets located in t
he U.S. (superstores and warehouse clubs are not considered supermarkets); 2% on
 eligible purchases of gasoline at gas stations located in the U.S. (superstores
, supermarkets and warehouse clubs that sell gasoline are not considered gas sta
tions); 2% on eligible purchases at select department stores located in the U.S.
 (the current list of select major department stores at which you can receive a 
2% reward is available at americanexpress.com/rewards-info); and 1% on all other
 eligible purchases. Additional terms apply. Merchants are assigned codes based 
on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not receive a higher percentage rew
ard if the merchant's code is not eligible. Purchases made through a third-party
 payment account or on an online marketplace (with multiple retailers) will not 
receive a higher percentage reward. A purchase may not receive a higher percenta
ge reward if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card r
eader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet.Destination FamilyValid for new b
ookings made through American Express Travel and eligible Travel Associate Platf
orm agencies with participating travel providers: Abercrombie &amp; Kent, Royal 
Caribbean International, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Bene
fit varies by provider. Payment must be made with an American Express Card. Prog
ram benefits may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United 
States. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit package p
er booking. May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dat
es apply and benefits are subject to change. Benefits listed are non- transferab
le, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. Availabl
e to all U.S. American Express Corporate, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.Dispu
te ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.Entertainm
ent Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tick
ets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (including P
repaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Expr
ess Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges a
pply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout
 dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or
 revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may
 not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Global Assist® HotlineWhile
 Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no a
dditional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the cos
ts charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see 
americanexpress.com/GAterms.Instant Card NumberInstant Card Number eligibility i
s based on our ability to instantly validate your identity. If you are eligible 
for Instant Card Number, you will receive an instant account number that you can
 use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical card will no
t be required. You may not have access to your full credit line to use anywhere 
the Card is accepted until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We w
ill mail your card in 3-5 business days of account approval.Lowest Hotel Rates G
uaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then f
ind the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of chi
ldren and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund y
ou the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the d
ate of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guaranteed" policy applies only to online rate
s available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are n
ot available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, gr
oup, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen r
ates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequen
t stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweeps
takes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you t
o see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotion
al packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include addition
al amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, and (4) rates booked thro
ugh the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS program. DetailsPay ItPay ItSM is only availab
le in the American Express Mobile app for your eligible Account. With the Pay It
 feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a billed purchase less t
han $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to that billed purchase but 
to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we apply payments.Your accoun
t is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or Additional Card Membe
r of a Credit Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Expre
ss that is not cancelled. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Charge Ca
rds, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and
 American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial ins
titutions are not eligible.Plan ItPlan ItSM allows you to create up to 10 active
 payment plans for qualifying purchases of $100 or more, subject to a plan fee. 
This fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged each month that a plan i
s active.You may use this feature by selecting a qualifying purchase and a plan 
duration. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your American Express onlin
e account or American Express Mobile for your eligible Account. Qualifying purch
ases do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents, purchases subject to 
Foreign Transaction Fees or any fee owed to us, including Annual Membership fees
.Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety of factors such as your
 creditworthiness or your credit limit. You will not be able to create plans if 
your Account is canceled. You will not be able to create plans if one or more of
 your American Express accounts is enrolled into a debt management program, or h
as a payment that is returned unpaid, or is delinquent. The number of active pla
ns and plan durations offered to you will be at our discretion and will be based
 on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, the purchase amount, and
 your Account history.Plan It is available to Credit Card accounts issued by a U
.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Only the Basic Card Member or Author
ized Account Manager(s) on the Account can select a qualifying purchase for Plan
 It. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Charge Cards, American Express
 Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-bra
nded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eli
gible.Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s)
 charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 
90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Car
d Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and h
andling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they 
are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the mer
chant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligi
ble for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, an
d jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 Un
ited States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin I
slands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau,
 Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased it
em to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Pro
tection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For
 full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.Roadside Assistance 
HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a
 tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside A
ssistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, the Card Member will be 
charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provid
e the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when C
ard Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and deli
very of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling within th
e 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. V
irgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle. Th
is product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxi
cabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle wei
ght. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you with coor
dination and assistance services in case of inclement weather or on roadways whi
ch restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavaila
ble for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, c
onditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or se
e americanexpress.com/RAterms.ShopRunnerShopRunner Benefit Terms and Conditions 
Enrolling in the Benefit. To get the free ShopRunner membership benefit complime
nts of American Express (the "benefit"), you must go to www.shoprunner.com/ameri
canexpress and verify your eligibility for the benefit with an eligible Card acc
ount number and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner membership account ("
ShopRunner account"). For details on how the ShopRunner membership works, please
 see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/
 which govern the use of your ShopRunner membership benefit. You may also be abl
e to enroll in this benefit through access provided to ShopRunner at participati
ng online stores or through an email provided by American Express if it has dete
rmined that you have an eligible Card. An "eligible Card" means an American Expr
ess U.S. Consumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card that is not cancelled 
and that is issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Prep
aid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards and American Express-br
anded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not el
igible. ShopRunner will verify with American Express the eligibility of your Cre
dit or Charge Card account number for the benefit. Maintaining the Benefit. To m
aintain this benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must maintain an eligible C
ard. The benefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner account if you do not have 
an eligible Card. You can maintain only one benefit per eligible Card. During yo
ur enrollment in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Express will verify your b
enefit eligibility. Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Memberships. If you enroll 
in the benefit and sign up with an existing ShopRunner account, ShopRunner will 
cancel the term of your existing ShopRunner account. If you paid a fee for any u
nused portion of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRunner will provide you w
ith a pro rata refund for that portion in accordance with ShopRunner's refund po
licy. The refund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after enrollment and will be
 issued to the payment method you used to pay the fee. If a portion of the cance
lled term of membership was promotional or free, the free period will be cancell
ed by ShopRunner and forfeited by you. If you currently have a free or promotion
al membership on your ShopRunner account, you should consider whether to enroll 
in the benefit at this time.General Terms. An eligible Card can be used to verif
y eligibility for only one benefit enrollment. American Express may receive and 
use your personal data from ShopRunner, which may include personally identifiabl
e information and Credit Card information, to determine eligibility and further 
develop features and services related to the benefit. American Express may send 
you emails regarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any information American E
xpress collects from you or from ShopRunner shall be governed by the American Ex
press Online Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpress.com/privacy). Americ
an Express may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminate this benefit at any 
time. You can review these Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting https://
www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.The American Express Auto Purchasing Program Disc
losureFor a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount tha
t a Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP on any in-stock 
vehicle that is the same make, model, and trim as your Configured Vehicle. The G
uaranteed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is based on a vehicle without fact
ory or dealer installed options and includes generally available manufacturer in
centives. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount 
that the Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP of the vehi
cle with the specific VIN listed and includes savings on factory-installed optio
ns. If you change your vehicle or the optional features, it will change your sav
ings. For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.Year-End Summar
yThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges p
osted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.A
MEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on policy terms, go t
o americanexpress.com/benefitsguideCar Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Renta
l Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administr
ative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-V
I, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by 
Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108
. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States
 of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Cover
age is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies appli
cable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not 
supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a 
vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available 
for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal veh
icle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off-road vehicles, limousin
es and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product prov
ides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any pr
imary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the ren
ted vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you, any passenger in 
your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to other vehicles or p
roperty. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Exten
ded WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Adminis
trative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953
-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by T
okio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109.
 This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States 
of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Cover
age is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies appli
cable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not 
supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the 
original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match t
he length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is le
ss than one year, and we provide one additional year if the original manufacture
r's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping and handling costs for
 the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. item
s with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motori
zed devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You 
will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is
 limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,00
0 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the pur
chased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. F
or full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.Purchase Protectio
nPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative O
ffice, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or P
olicy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Mari
ne Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This ben
efit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micron
esia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is det
ermined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to y
our Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement
 or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be
 refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, co
nsumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and their parts or accesso
ries, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only b
e reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited u
p to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per ca
lendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case
 we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary c
overage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance 
that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.Tr
avel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assuran
ce Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX094
8-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan i
s underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CR
CB000000111 . This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Fede
rated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Is
lands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Po
licies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This docume
nt does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the En
tire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with 
your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a
 Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Exp
ress Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or 
American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another
 form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay f
or all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclu
sions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, y
our account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the ori
ginal charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.