Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGE
SAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases17.24% to 26.24%, based on your credi
tworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening. This
 APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers
17.24% to  26.24% APR on balance transfers requested within 60 days of account o
pening based on your creditworthiness and other factors.This APR will vary with 
the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary
 with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When it Applies29.99%Th
is APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied
 to new transactions on your account if:1) you make one or more late payments; o
r2) your payment is returned by your bankWe may also consider your creditworthin
ess in determining whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.How L
ong Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for
 at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR 
is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made tim
ely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.Payin
g InterestYour due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing peri
od. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your enti
re balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) 
by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance tr
ansfers on the transaction date.Plan Fee  (Fixed Finance Charge) Up to 1.17% of 
each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would o
therwise apply to the purchase and other factors.For Credit Card Tips from the C
onsumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmoreFeesAnnual Members
hip Fee$450Transaction Fees Cash AdvanceEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each ca
sh advance, whichever is greater.Foreign TransactionNonePenalty Fees Late Paymen
tUp to $38Returned PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneHow We Will Calculate Your Balan
ce: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."Los
s of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty AP
R if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Pa
yment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%. Variable APRs f
or each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street 
Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may n
ot publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rat
e from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable 
APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Mi
nimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variabl
e APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are 
accurate as of 03/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreem
ent.By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in 
your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or o
ver may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.You promis
e that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authoriz
e us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting ag
encies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share informatio
n we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as per
mitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer rep
ort and the name and address of the agency that provided it. When you use your A
ccount (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agr
eement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbi
tration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to th
e account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class ac
tion or similar proceeding.  We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to 
applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitiv
e environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we 
will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot 
change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership. Additional C
ards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your
 Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsible 
for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to 
use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to gi
ve Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with
 them. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to ob
tain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an acc
ount, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that wil
l allow us to verify your identity. Balance Transfers: Only balance transfers fr
om accounts in your name requested within 60 days from the date of account openi
ng will be approved. We will charge your Card account for the total approved amo
unt of all balance transfers. No transfer will be processed if: (1) any requeste
d transfer is less than $100; (2) the total amount of all requested transfers ex
ceeds the lesser of $7,500 or 75% of your credit limit; or (3) charging the requ
ested transfers to your Card account would cause your total account balance to e
xceed your credit limit. We will not initiate any balance transfer until at leas
t ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card Member Agreement 
to you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a balance transfe
r. Please be sure to make all required payments on any account from which you ar
e transferring a balance until the balance transfer is credited to that account.
 You authorize us to verify the balance of such accounts. You may not transfer b
alances from any account issued by American Express or any of its affiliates. Ad
ditional Card Members may not request or authorize balance transfers. Your balan
ce transfer request may be declined if any of your American Express accounts are
 not in good standing. Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of an
y marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wiscon
sin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, p
rior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agr
eement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree.
  New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Departme
nt of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information 
on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Depart
ment of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govNotice to California 
Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.Cash advan
ce at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to ob
tain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash adva
nces by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.The tradema
rks Delta, SkyMiles, and the Delta logo are exclusive property of Delta Air Line
s, Inc. The trademarks are registered, or registrations are applied for, in coun
tries of the world served by Delta. © 2018. All SkyMiles program rules apply to 
SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption and tr
avel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Offers v
oid where prohibited by law. Offers are subject to change without notice. Other 
restrictions apply.Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess o
f those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month 
to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those per
mitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Y
ou may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding bala
nce, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination
 require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy c
ustomers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories 
on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers co
mpliance with this law.The Delta Reserve Credit Card is issued by an American Ex
press bank. ©2018 American Express. All rights reserved.POID CHAN:0001OFFER TERM
SWelcome bonus offer not available to applicants who have or have had this produ
ct.If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse
, or gaming in connection with the welcome bonus offer in any way or that you in
tend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a wel
come bonus offer(s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade y
our account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purc
hases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit the welcome bonu
s to, we may freeze the welcome bonus credited to, or we may take away the welco
me bonus from your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card 
accounts you may have with us.10,000 MQMs and 40,000 Bonus MilesTo qualify for t
he 40,000 bonus miles and 10,000 Medallion® Qualification Miles you must make el
igible purchases with your Delta Reserve® Credit Card from American Express that
 total $3,000 or more (the "Threshold Amount") within your first 3 months of Car
d Membership. Miles and MQMs will be credited to your account 6-8 weeks after yo
u reach the Threshold Amount. Eligible purchases to meet the spend requirement c
an be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single 
Card account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus retu
rns and other credits. Eligible purchases to meet the Threshold Amount do NOT in
clude fees or interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not ava
ilable on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of tr
aveler's checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift card
s, person-to-person payments, or purchases of any cash equivalents. Additional C
ard Members on your account are not eligible for this offer. To receive the 40,0
00 bonus miles and 10,000 Medallion® Qualification Miles your Card account must 
not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment.You can earn 40,000 bonus
 miles and 10,000 Medallion® Qualification Miles after you spend $3,000 or more 
in qualifying purchases on your Card within your first 3 months of Card Membersh
ip starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your peri
od to spend $3,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving
 your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases
, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase 
date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy go
ods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Miles and 
MQMs will be credited to your account 6-8 weeks after you reach the Threshold Am
ount.American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.B
ENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and services are subject to change or cancell
ation.Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U
.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.Additional CardsAdditional Card M
embers must be at least 13 years of age and never have had a defaulted account w
ith American Express.American Express Preferred SeatingEligible Cards Preferred 
Seating is available to American Express® Gold Card, Platinum Card®, Centurion® 
Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card, Delta Reserve Credit Card from Ameri
can Express, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve for Bu
siness Credit Card from American Express, American Express® Corporate Gold Card,
 Corporate Platinum Card®, Corporate Centurion Card® from American Express, and 
the Executive Business Card, Business Gold Card, Business Platinum Card® and Bus
iness Centurion® Card from American Express OPEN, if issued by American Express 
Travel Related Services Company, Inc., an American Express bank. Tickets availab
le through the American Express Preferred Seating program are available exclusiv
ely for qualifying Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets must be purchased
 with an eligible American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Tickets
 are subject to availability and apply to select events. Availability will vary 
by performance based on prior sales. Not all seats are available and blackout da
tes apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or re
voked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may no
t be accessible to Card Members with disabilities. Redemption Information To red
eem an American Express Preferred Seating offer, Domestic Card Members, please p
roceed to purchase your ticket through any primary ticketing channel including o
nline, mobile, phone or at an outlet or box office authorized for the event and 
provide the 10-digit Customer Service phone number located on the back of your C
ard when prompted. International Card Members, please enter your promotional cod
e. If you are a Domestic Card Member, for more information on Preferred Seating,
 please call 1-800-448-TIKS or visit americanexpress.com/entertainment. If you a
re an International Card Member, please call the customer service number located
 on the back of your Card. International inquiries will not be serviced on the U
.S. 800 number listed above.American Express Presale(s)During the specified sale
s period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Member
s(including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an 
American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard serv
ice charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available
 and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may 
be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. So
me events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Amex Mobile ap
pThe Amex® Mobile app and app features are available only for eligible Card acco
unts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by n
on-American Express issuers are not eligible.To log in, Card Members must have a
n American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.Amex Mobile app
iOS and Android only. See app store listings for operating system infoAnnual Mil
es Boost® for ReserveThe close of the calendar year is December 31, without rega
rd to the time of the year that the account is opened. This means that for the f
irst year of Card Membership, the Card Member's Eligible Purchase bonus period m
ay be less than twelve months. If in any calendar year Eligible Purchases on the
 Delta Reserve Credit Card are $30,000 or more, the Basic Card Member will be aw
arded 15,000 bonus miles and 15,000 Medallion Qualification Miles ("MQMs" as def
ined in the Delta SkyMiles Membership Guide and Program Rules). If in that same 
calendar year Eligible Purchases on the Delta Reserve Credit Card are $60,000 or
 more, the Basic Card Member will be awarded an additional 15,000 bonus miles an
d 15,000 MQMs. Eligible Purchases means purchases for goods and services minus r
eturns and other credits. Eligible Purchases do NOT include fees, interest charg
es, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Bu
siness Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of travelers' checks, purchases o
f gift cards; person-to-person payments, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards
, or purchases of other cash equivalents. The MQMs are not redeemable and only c
ount towards Medallion status. MQMs can be kept by the Basic Card Member or gift
ed to someone else. MQM gift recipients must have a valid SkyMiles account. If w
ithin 90 days a MQM recipient is not designated, the MQMs will be deposited in t
he Basic Card Member's SkyMiles account. Additional Card Member(s) are not eligi
ble to receive miles through Miles Boost; however all Eligible Purchases by the 
Additional Card Member(s) will count towards the Basic Card Member's spend level
 to reach the Miles Boost threshold. Card Members may be permitted to have more 
than one Blue, Gold, Platinum, or Delta Reserve Credit Card from American Expres
s account; however, Card Members are only eligible to receive one annual bonus f
or each type (i.e.Platinum, or Reserve) of Delta SkyMiles Credit Card account fr
om American Express. To receive the MQMs, your account must not be canceled or p
ast due at the time the MQMs are posted to your account.Award TravelTaxes and fe
es for Award Travel are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at 
the time the ticket is booked. Award Travel seats are limited and may not be ava
ilable on all flights or in all markets.ConciergeThere is no cost to you for ser
vices a concierge performs on your behalf, although you are responsible for any 
purchases, fees and/or shipping charges you authorize to be charged to your Card
 account. We reserve the right to note profile and preference data for servicing
 and marketing purposes. We are not responsible for notifying a restaurant of an
y food allergies when suggesting or making reservations at restaurants.Delta No 
Blackout DatesAlthough blackout dates have been eliminated on Delta flights, bla
ckout dates may apply on partner flights and are defined by individual partner c
arriers.Delta Reserve Companion Certificate at RenewalTaxes/Fees/Restrictions: C
ompanion Certificate valid for one round-trip First Class, Delta Comfort+® or Ma
in Cabin Companion ticket with the payment of applicable taxes and fees detailed
 below and the purchase of certain adult round-trip fares on published routings 
within the 48 contiguous United States. Residents of Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico
 or the United States Virgin Islands (USVI) must originate from there to the 48 
contiguous United States and have an address on their SkyMiles account in Hawaii
, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the USVI. Each year, the Companion Certificate will be 
made available for redemption on delta.com in your renewal month. Applicable gov
ernment imposed taxes and fees vary and depend upon the number of flight segment
s included in the itinerary and are no more than $75 for roundtrip domestic flig
hts (for itineraries with up to four flight segments). Basic Card Members (not A
dditional Card Members) with the Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta
 SkyMiles Credit Card, Delta Reserve Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Business C
redit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, and Delta Reserve for 
Business Credit Card are eligible to receive the first checked bag fee waiver on
 Delta and Delta Connection carrier tickets. $35 fee for second checked bag. The
se allowances are subject to size/weight limits. Contact a Delta agent or visit 
delta.com for details. Taxes and fees are subject to change, are the responsibil
ity of the passenger and must be paid at the time the primary ticket is purchase
d and the Companion ticket is issued. All fare rules, restrictions, advance purc
hase requirements, and availability are per rule of primary ticket fare purchase
d. Tickets are only available in A and I classes of service for First Class trav
el, only available in W class for Delta Comfort+ travel, and only available in L
, U, T, X, V classes of service for Main Cabin travel and may not be available o
n all flights or markets. Companion Certificates are eligible for Medallion Comp
limentary Upgrades which are subject to availability and may not be eligible on 
all flights. Medallion Members traveling with one companion will be eligible for
 Complimentary Upgrades to both First Class and Delta Comfort+ based on the stat
us of the higher-tiered Member, as long as the companion is a SkyMiles Member, M
edallion Member or partner airline elite member, traveling in the same reservati
on. Companion tickets are not transferable once issued. Companion certificate ca
nnot be combined with another offer or discount including, but not limited to, w
eb fares, sale fares and eCoupons. Primary ticket and Companion ticket must be p
urchased with your Delta Reserve Credit Card. Both passengers must be booked on 
the same flights and dates, at the same time. Travel for Companion certificate m
ust be booked and completed by the date on the front of certificate. Validity is
 not based on the calendar year. Redemption is available only on delta.com. Cert
ificate terms and conditions may vary each year of Card Membership. Additional r
estrictions apply. See Companion Certificate for details.Delta Reserve Companion
 Certificate for Online RedemptionEligibility: Eligible on Delta, Delta Connecti
on carrier and Delta Shuttle flights only (excludes all other Delta-designated c
odeshare flights). Companion certificate is valid for one round-trip First-Class
, Delta Comfort+® or Main Cabin companion ticket with the purchase of certain ad
ult round-trip fares on published routings within the 48 contiguous United State
s. Residents of Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the United States Virgin Islands 
(USVI) must originate from there to the 48 contiguous United States and have an 
address on their SkyMiles account in Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the USVI. Ea
ch year, the Companion Certificate will be made available for redemption on delt
a.com in your renewal month. Companion ticket requires payment of applicable gov
ernment imposed taxes and fees which vary and depend upon the number of flight s
egments included in the itinerary and are no more than $75 for roundtrip domesti
c flights (for itineraries with up to four flight segments). Reservations are on
ly available at delta.com. Companion certificate terms and conditions may vary e
ach year of Card Membership. Additional restrictions apply. Restrictions: Redemp
tion is available only on delta.com. The certificate cannot be combined with ano
ther offer or discount including, but not limited to, web fares, sale fares and 
eCoupons. Both passengers must be booked at the same time, in the same class of 
service and in the same record. Tickets are only available in A and I classes of
 service for First Class travel, only available in W class for Delta Comfort+ tr
avel, and only available in L, U, T, X, V classes of service for Main Cabin trav
el and may not be available on all flights or markets. Companion Certificates ar
e eligible for Medallion Complimentary Upgrades which are subject to availabilit
y and may not be eligible on all flights. Medallion Members traveling with one c
ompanion will be eligible for Complimentary Upgrades to both First Class and Del
ta Comfort+ based on the status of the higher-tiered Member, as long as the comp
anion is a SkyMiles Member, Medallion Member or partner airline elite member, tr
aveling in the same reservation.Most fares require an advance purchase of up to 
14 days, a 3 night minimum stay and a 30-day maximum stay. All fare rules, restr
ictions, advance purchase requirements, and availability are per rule of Primary
 Ticket fare purchased. Companion tickets are not transferable. Primary Ticket a
nd Companion ticket must be purchased with your Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from 
American Express. Both passengers must be booked on the same flights and dates, 
at the same time. Travel for Companion certificate must be booked and completed 
by the date on the front of certificate. Validity is not based on calendar year.
 Primary ticket will accrue miles. Companion ticket will not accrue miles. Ticke
ts are eligible for Global or Regional Upgrade Certificates but not eligible for
 mileage upgrades. Companion Certificate is void if reproduced, altered, counter
feited, obtained or used improperly, or where prohibited by law. Companion Certi
ficate has no value except when redeemed in accordance with all terms and condit
ions of this offer. Companion Certificate is for new purchases only and cannot b
e applied to the cost of prepaid tickets, ticket by mail, miscellaneous charge o
rders, Airscript or previously issued tickets. Companion Certificate will be dee
med fully used once tickets have been issued and will not be returned or replace
d. Companion Certificate is the property of Delta Air Lines and must be surrende
red or returned upon request. Fares, fees, schedules, offers and rules are subje
ct to change without notice. Terms and conditions of this offer are as written a
nd cannot be altered, modified or waived unless authorized by a corporate office
r of Delta Air Lines, Inc. All Delta SkyMiles program rules apply. To review the
 rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Routing/Blackout Dates: Stopovers, o
pen jaws, and circle trips are not permitted. Blackout dates subject to the rule
s of the primary ticket fare purchased. Taxes/Fees: The fare for Companion ticke
ts includes government imposed taxes and fees of no more than $75 for roundtrip 
domestic flights (for itineraries with up to four flight segments). Taxes and fe
es depend on the itinerary. Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) wit
h the Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Delt
a Reserve Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Platinum Delta 
SkyMiles Business Credit Card, and Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card are el
igible to receive the first checked bag fee waiver on Delta and Delta Connection
 carrier flights. $35 fee for second checked bag. These allowances are subject t
o size/weight limits. Contact a Delta agent or visit delta.com for details. Taxe
s and fees are subject to change, are the responsibility of the passenger and mu
st be paid at the time the primary ticket is purchased and the companion ticket 
is issued. Cancellations/Ticket Changes/Reissuance: If the primary ticket or the
 Companion ticket is cancelled, both tickets will be cancelled and the Companion
 ticket will not be reissued. Subject to the fare rules of the primary ticket, t
he value of the primary ticket, less a $200 administrative service charge and an
y fare difference, may be applied to future travel. Cancellations are subject to
 the rules of the fare purchased. Neither a new Companion Certificate nor Compan
ion ticket will be issued upon a cancellation. If the primary ticket and Compani
on ticket are changed after issuance, subject to the fare rules of the primary t
icket, there will be a $200 administrative service charge for each of the primar
y ticket and the Companion ticket, plus a charge for the fare difference of the 
primary ticket. Changes are subject to the rules of the fare purchased and are s
ubject to seat availability. After travel has commenced, rerouting is not permit
ted.Transferability: The Companion Certificate is transferable. Primary ticket a
nd Companion ticket are not transferable once issued. Companion Certificate may 
not be bartered or sold. Companion Certificates or Companion tickets acquired th
rough prohibited sale/barter transactions are void and will not be honored for t
ravel. In the event of flight irregularities and/or cancellations, alternative f
lights will be on Delta only.Delta Sky Club AccessThe Delta Reserve Credit Card 
Member must be traveling on a Delta-coded or Delta-operated flight. Name on tick
et must match name on Delta Reserve Credit Card. The Delta Reserve Credit Card M
ember must be at least 21 years of age to enter Clubs with a self-service bar, u
nless they are accompanied by a parent or legal guardian. The Delta Reserve Cred
it Card Member has complimentary access to the Delta Sky Club and may bring up t
o two guests and children under 21 years of age at a discounted rate of $29 per 
person, per location. Additional guest access subject to Delta Sky Club's standa
rd rate, which is available at https://www.delta.com/skyclub. Children under 2 y
ears of age may accompany the Card Member for free. Benefit valid only at Delta 
Sky Clubs. Codeshare partner and other alliance partner lounges are not included
. For same-day ticketed air travel on any flight other than a Delta-coded or Del
ta-operated flight, the Delta Reserve Credit Card Member and up to two guests ma
y access one Club location upon payment of a discounted rate of $29 per person. 
The Delta Reserve Credit Card Member must present his or her valid Card and same
-day airline boarding pass to club agents. Note that amenities may vary among ai
rport club locations. Meeting rooms may be reserved for a fee. All Delta Sky Clu
b rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/skyclub. Offer and ru
les subject to change without notice. Additional restrictions may apply.Delta Sk
yMiles MarketPlaceSkyMiles Marketplace is for use only by SkyMiles Medallion® me
mbers or customers that have a U.S. issued Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from Ameri
can Express. All redemption offers and awards are subject to change and to the t
erms and conditions of each individual merchant. Offers, rules and participating
 merchants are subject to change without notice. All SkyMiles Marketplace rules 
apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide.Destination Famil
yValid for new bookings made through American Express Travel and eligible Travel
 Associate Platform agencies with participating travel providers: Abercrombie &a
mp; Kent, Royal Caribbean International, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and Travel I
mpressions. Benefit varies by provider. Payment must be made with an American Ex
press Card. Program benefits may not be available to residents outside of the co
ntiguous United States. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Limit one b
enefit package per booking. May not be combined with other offers unless indicat
ed. Blackout dates apply and benefits are subject to change. Benefits listed are
 non- transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash or 
credit. Available to all U.S. American Express Corporate, Consumer, OPEN and Pre
paid Cards.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's 
favor.Earn 1 MileBonus miles will be posted to your Delta SkyMiles account 8 to 
12 weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to earn bonus miles, Card M
ember's account must not be canceled or past due at time of bonus fulfillment. F
ees, interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on
 Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of traveler's 
checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, the purchase or relo
ading of prepaid cards and purchases of other cash equivalents do not earn miles
.Earn 2 Miles on Delta PurchasesFor each dollar charged on an eligible purchase 
in each billing period on your Card from American Express, you earn 1 mile. You 
earn 1 additional mile (for a total of 2 miles) on each dollar of eligible purch
ases made directly with Delta ("Delta purchases"). Delta purchases are eligible 
purchases where Delta is the merchant of record, such as purchases via delta.com
, phone reservations, or ticket counters, such as upgrades, miles, seat selectio
n, Delta Sky Club® membership or passes, and pre-purchased meals, and in-flight 
purchases of food, alcoholic beverages and audio headsets on Delta-operated flig
hts (eligible purchases do not include any other in-flight purchases, such as in
-flight wireless internet access, and associated services, and charitable contri
butions). Delta purchases include Delta Vacation® packages but not other all-inc
lusive packages. Delta purchases include purchases of qualifying Delta, Delta Co
nnection® carrier and Delta Shuttle® flights taken with the purchase of a fare t
hat is eligible for SkyMiles mileage credit. Additional miles earned for Delta f
light purchases made with the Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from American Express w
ill be based on the total ticket price, including base fare, carrier-imposed sur
charges and government-imposed taxes and fees. Eligible purchases mean purchases
 for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do N
OT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are no
t available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases 
of travelers checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, purchas
es or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Bonus 
miles will be posted to your Delta SkyMiles account 8 to 12 weeks after the end 
of each month. To be eligible to receive miles, your Card account must not be ca
nceled or past due at the time of fulfillment. This offer is subject to change w
ithout notice.Earn Medallion StatusMedallion Qualification Miles received in 201
8 above member's received Medallion threshold level will be rolled over to 2019 
and will count toward 2020 Medallion status qualification. In addition, all Meda
llion Qualification Miles earned between January 1 and December 31, 2018, will c
ount towards 2019 Medallion status.Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select ci
ties. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to al
l American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Ti
ckets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and Int
ernational Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availabil
ity. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No r
efunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole di
scretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members 
with disabilities.First Checked Bag FreeBenefit is limited to Basic Card Members
 (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold, Platinum or Reserve Delta SkyMiles
 Credit Cards. Reservation must include the Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number.
 Fee waiver also available for passengers traveling in the same reservation as t
he Basic Card Member. Maximum nine waivers per reservation. New Card Members and
 Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Credit Card product will be 
eligible for the checked baggage fee waiver benefit after receiving their Card f
rom American Express. The first checked bag fee waiver will only be applied on f
light segments which originate on a Delta or Delta Connection® carrier when you 
check-in with Delta for both a Delta marketed and Delta operated flight. Waiver 
is only for normal bag fee, if any, for the first checked bag that is not overwe
ight and not oversize under Delta's applicable rules as set forth in Delta's con
tract of carriage. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See 
delta.com/firstbagfree for details.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Ho
tline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge f
rom American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by thir
d-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.co
m/GAterms.In-Flight SavingsCard Members will receive a 20% savings in the form o
f a statement credit on eligible pre-purchased meals, and in-flight purchases of
 food, alcoholic beverages and audio headsets, on Delta-operated flights. Saving
s do not apply to any other in-flight purchases, such as in-flight wireless inte
rnet access, and associated services, and charitable contributions. To receive t
he savings, Card Members must use their Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from American
 Express to complete the in-flight purchase. Savings will appear as a statement 
credit 6-8 weeks after the transaction is posted to the Card Member's Card accou
nt. Offer is subject to change without notice. Additional terms, conditions, and
 restrictions may apply. See http://delta.com/mycardcan for details.Instant Card
 NumberInstant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly vali
date your identity. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receiv
e an instant account number that you can use virtually anywhere American Express
 is accepted and a physical card will not be required. You may not have access t
o your full credit line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after you con
firm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 business days 
of account approval.Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid
 hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, fo
r the same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price onlin
e, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be su
bmitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guaran
teed" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and ex
cludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, incl
uding, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, g
overnment/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booke
d through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotio
ns, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on
 opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your r
eservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packag
es, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or 
entertainment, and (4) rates booked through the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS progra
m. DetailsMedallion Qualification Dollar WaiverIf the Medallion Qualification Do
llar (MQD) threshold is not met for a Qualification Year, you can still qualify 
for Platinum, Gold and Silver Medallion Status if you have earned the required M
edallion Qualification Miles (MQMs) or Medallion Qualification Segments (MQSs) a
nd make at least $25,000 in Eligible Purchases within that Qualification Year on
 your Eligible Card. If the MQD threshold is not met for a Qualification Year, y
ou can qualify for Diamond Medallion Status if you have earned the required MQMs
 or MQSs and spend at least $250,000 in eligible purchases within that Qualifica
tion Year on your Eligible Card. A Qualification Year is from January 1 to Decem
ber 31 of a given year. The close of the Qualification Year is December 31, with
out regard to the time of the year that the credit card account is opened. This 
means that for the first year of Card Membership, the Card Member's Eligible Pur
chase period may be less than twelve months. Eligible Purchases means purchases 
for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible Purchases do NO
T include fees, interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of
 travelers' checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of oth
er cash equivalents. Eligible purchases may fall outside of the Qualification Ye
ar in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or 
if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For exampl
e, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are ship
ped). This may result in a delay in receiving the MQD waiver. You can confirm wh
ether you have met the Eligible Purchase threshold for the MQD Waiver by logging
 into your SkyMiles account on delta.com or in the Fly Delta app. Eligible Purch
ases made by Additional Card Members on the Basic Card Member's Eligible Card wi
ll count toward the Eligible Purchase threshold. For purposes of calculating the
 Eligible Purchase threshold, Eligible Purchases will be combined across multipl
e Eligible Cards of the Basic Card Member if those Card accounts are linked to t
he same SkyMiles number. Eligible Cards are the following: Delta SkyMiles Credit
 Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles, Delta Reserve C
redit Card, Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Business Cr
edit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve for Busin
ess Credit Card from American Express. The Blue Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card is n
ot eligible for the MQD Waiver. However, if you have another Delta SkyMiles Cred
it Card with the MQD Waiver benefit in addition to your Delta Blue SkyMiles Cred
it Card, Eligible Purchases made on the Blue Delta SkyMiles Credit Card will con
tinue to count towards the MQD Waiver. This benefit extends to Basic Card Member
s only (Additional Card Members are not eligible). Offer terms and conditions su
bject to change.Medallion Status UpgradesSeat upgrades are subject to limited av
ailability and may not be available on all flights or in all markets.No Foreign 
Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on 
the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, the
re may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transact
ions.Pay ItPay ItSM is only available in the American Express Mobile app for you
r eligible Account. With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the
 amount of a billed purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not a
pplied to that billed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accordance wit
h how we apply payments.Your account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic C
ard Member or Additional Card Member of a Credit Card account issued by a U.S. b
anking subsidiary of American Express that is not cancelled. Prepaid Cards and p
roducts, American Express Charge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, Americ
an Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded cards or account nu
mbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.Pay with MilesProg
ram is limited to Basic (not Additional) Gold and Platinum Delta SkyMiles and De
lta Reserve Credit Card Members, as well as to Gold and Platinum Delta SkyMiles 
Business Credit Card Members and Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card Members.
 New Card Members are eligible to use Pay with Miles upon receipt of their Card.
 Eligible only on Delta and Delta Connection® carrier-operated and ticketed flig
hts booked at delta.com. Not available on other codeshare flights. Eligible flig
hts for this program will be marked as Pay with Miles eligible. Miles redemption
s must be in 5,000 mile increments, with a minimum of 5,000 miles for redemption
, and the number of miles redeemed will be rounded up to the nearest 5,000 mile 
increment, as applicable.  Use your Delta SkyMiles Credit Card to pay for the re
maining ticket price when using Pay with Miles.  Five thousand miles generally p
rovides $50 of value.  However, you may receive less value per mile if the cost 
of a ticket you choose to cover entirely with miles is not a multiple of $50. Al
l Pay with Miles tickets will earn mileage, and will earn Medallion Qualificatio
n Dollars, for the portion of the base fare and carrier-imposed surcharges remai
ning that is paid in currency after miles are applied to the ticket total.   Mil
eage redemption will be applied toward the base fare and carrier-imposed surchar
ges prior to being applied toward taxes and fees. In addition, all Pay with Mile
s tickets are eligible for Medallion Qualification Segments, and Medallion Quali
fication Miles. Pay with Miles tickets are not eligible for Best Fare Guarantee 
and may not be combined with any other forms of mileage redemption, such as Awar
d Travel tickets. Medallion Complimentary Upgrades on Pay with Miles tickets are
 subject to availability and may not be eligible on all flights. Except for tick
ets refunded under Delta's Risk Free Cancellation policy, miles redeemed with Pa
y with Miles cannot be re-deposited in the member's SkyMiles Account — even for 
fully refundable fares.  Residual value for a changed or cancelled ticket will b
e issued as an e-certificate applicable to future Delta purchases. For terms, co
nditions, and restrictions, visit delta.com/paywithmiles.Plan ItPlan ItSM allows
 you to create up to 10 active payment plans for qualifying purchases of $100 or
 more, subject to a plan fee. This fee is a fixed finance charge that will be ch
arged each month that a plan is active.You may use this feature by selecting a q
ualifying purchase and a plan duration. Qualifying purchases will be identified 
in your American Express online account or American Express Mobile for your elig
ible Account. Qualifying purchases do not include purchases of cash or cash equi
valents, purchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees or any fee owed to us, in
cluding Annual Membership fees.Your ability to create plans will be based on a v
ariety of factors such as your creditworthiness or your credit limit. You will n
ot be able to create plans if your Account is canceled. You will not be able to 
create plans if one or more of your American Express accounts is enrolled into a
 debt management program, or has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is delinq
uent. The number of active plans and plan durations offered to you will be at ou
r discretion and will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthi
ness, the purchase amount, and your Account history.Plan It is available to Cred
it Card accounts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Only t
he Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Account can select 
a qualifying purchase for Plan It. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express 
Charge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business 
Cards and American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other fina
ncial institutions are not eligible.Premium Roadside AssistancePremium Roadside 
Assistance provides the following services at no additional cost up to 4 times p
er calendar year when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle: towing u
p to 10 miles, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a wo
rkable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gal
lons of fuel. Card Member will be charged for the costs of towing in excess of 1
0 miles and any other additional services. Coverage is available in the 50 Unite
d States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Isla
nds. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycle
s, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehi
cle weight. Other important exclusions apply. In case of inclement weather, we m
ay be unable to provide you with services. Services may not be available or may 
be at the cost of the Card Member on roadways which restrict access to certain s
ervice providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transpond
er keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For f
ull Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.P
riority BoardingCard Members are entitled to receive Zone 1 Priority Boarding on
 Delta flights. Benefit is limited to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Me
mbers) with the Gold, Platinum or Reserve Delta SkyMiles Credit Cards. Reservati
on must include the Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number. Priority Boarding is al
so available for passengers traveling in the same reservation as the Basic Card 
Member. Maximum nine passengers per reservation receive the Priority Boarding. P
riority Boarding will only be available on Delta and Delta Connection carrier op
erated flights. Delta does not offer Priority Boarding on Delta Shuttle® flights
. New Card Members and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Credit
 Card product from American Express will be eligible for the Priority Boarding b
enefit after receiving their Card from American Express. Offer is subject to cha
nge without notice. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See
 delta.com/mycardcan for details.Priority CheckpointCard Members are entitled to
 enter the expedited Sky Priority security line with their printed boarding pass
 at participating airports.  The indicator displays as "PRIORITY CHKPOINT" under
neath the passenger name unless member is also enrolled in the TSA Pre✓® program
. If Card Member is already enrolled in TSA Pre ✓® program, access to the design
ated TSA Pre✓® line will automatically supersede access to the Sky Priority secu
rity line.Benefit is limited to the Delta Reserve SkyMiles Credit Card and the D
elta Reserve for Business SkyMiles Credit Card. Reservation must include the Bas
ic Card Member's SkyMiles number. Priority Checkpoint is also available for pass
engers traveling on the same reservation as the Basic Card Member. Priority Chec
kpoint will only be available on Delta and Delta Connection carrier operated fli
ghts. Terms and limitations apply. For most up to date participating airports pl
ease visit www.delta.com/prioritycheckpointlines.  Subject to change without not
ice.Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) c
harged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90
 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card 
Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and han
dling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they ar
e in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merch
ant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligibl
e for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and 
jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 Unit
ed States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Isl
ands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, G
uam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item
 to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Prote
ction is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For f
ull Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.ShopRunnerShopRunner B
enefit Terms and Conditions Enrolling in the Benefit. To get the free ShopRunner
 membership benefit compliments of American Express (the "benefit"), you must go
 to www.shoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify your eligibility for the benef
it with an eligible Card account number and then complete the sign up for a Shop
Runner membership account ("ShopRunner account"). For details on how the ShopRun
ner membership works, please see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at https://
www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use of your ShopRunner membership 
benefit. You may also be able to enroll in this benefit through access provided 
to ShopRunner at participating online stores or through an email provided by Ame
rican Express if it has determined that you have an eligible Card. An "eligible 
Card" means an American Express U.S. Consumer or Small Business Credit or Charge
 Card that is not cancelled and that is issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidia
ry of American Express. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate C
ards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other finan
cial institutions are not eligible. ShopRunner will verify with American Express
 the eligibility of your Credit or Charge Card account number for the benefit. M
aintaining the Benefit. To maintain this benefit on your ShopRunner account, you
 must maintain an eligible Card. The benefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner
 account if you do not have an eligible Card. You can maintain only one benefit 
per eligible Card. During your enrollment in the benefit, ShopRunner and America
n Express will verify your benefit eligibility. Treatment of Existing ShopRunner
 Memberships. If you enroll in the benefit and sign up with an existing ShopRunn
er account, ShopRunner will cancel the term of your existing ShopRunner account.
 If you paid a fee for any unused portion of the cancelled term of membership, S
hopRunner will provide you with a pro rata refund for that portion in accordance
 with ShopRunner's refund policy. The refund will be processed within 2-4 weeks 
after enrollment and will be issued to the payment method you used to pay the fe
e. If a portion of the cancelled term of membership was promotional or free, the
 free period will be cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by you. If you curren
tly have a free or promotional membership on your ShopRunner account, you should
 consider whether to enroll in the benefit at this time.General Terms. An eligib
le Card can be used to verify eligibility for only one benefit enrollment. Ameri
can Express may receive and use your personal data from ShopRunner, which may in
clude personally identifiable information and Credit Card information, to determ
ine eligibility and further develop features and services related to the benefit
. American Express may send you emails regarding your enrollment in this benefit
. Any information American Express collects from you or from ShopRunner shall be
 governed by the American Express Online Privacy Statement (https://www.american
express.com/privacy). American Express may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or te
rminate this benefit at any time. You can review these Terms and Conditions at a
ny time by visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.SkyMiles GeneralAll S
kyMiles program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile 
accrual, mile redemption, and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit
 delta.com/memberguide. Partner airline benefits are subject to change and subje
ct to the terms and conditions of each partner. Partner offers are subject to th
e terms and conditions of each individual offer. Offers are void where prohibite
d by law. Offers are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.
SkyMiles Online AuctionAll SkyMiles Online Auction rules apply, visit delta.com/
skymilesauction for more details. All Delta SkyMiles program rules apply. To rev
iew the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Offers, prices and rules are 
subject to change without notice. Offers void where prohibited by law. Additiona
l restrictions may apply.Spending LimitsWhen you request that we apply a limit a
s described below on Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Accou
nt, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by re
ference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreement.At your request, we may ag
ree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billin
g period, that are charged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified
 Additional Card Members on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply
 a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during 
each billing period, that are made using Card numbers associated with one or mor
e specified Additional Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limi
t, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Pu
rchases or cash access transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any 
limit we will not take into account any credits (such as for returned merchandis
e or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additiona
l Card Member. Any request that we change a limit may not be effective until a s
ubsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additio
nal Card Member prior to the date during a billing period that we apply the limi
t will not be subject to the limit for that billing period.Because of systems or
 administrative considerations, arrangements with merchants, or for other busine
ss reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash ac
cess transactions (collectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limit
s. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a l
imit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a lim
it is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed tha
t exceed a limit. While we typically require merchants to obtain an authorizatio
n for purchases and submit final transaction documentation for payment in a time
ly manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obt
ain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization fo
r a partial amount of the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such
 submissions are not submitted or processed at the same time that the authorizat
ion is obtained. Examples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outs
ide of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; i
nternational airline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended b
eyond original reservation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases bille
d on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, i
ncluding charges incurred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits
; late, damage or other fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in ins
tallments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before t
he end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Clos
ing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for fo
reign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by t
elephone from us.The Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optiona
l. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this
 Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions.Th
e American Express Auto Purchasing Program DisclosureFor a Configured Vehicle, t
he Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that a Certified Dealer guarantees t
hat you will save off the MSRP on any in-stock vehicle that is the same make, mo
del, and trim as your Configured Vehicle. The Guaranteed Savings for your Config
ured Vehicle is based on a vehicle without factory or dealer installed options a
nd includes generally available manufacturer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle
, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that the Certified Dealer guarant
ees that you will save off the MSRP of the vehicle with the specific VIN listed 
and includes savings on factory-installed options. If you change your vehicle or
 the optional features, it will change your savings. For full Terms and Conditio
ns, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.Upgrade PriorityUpgrade Priority within the same
 Medallion tier and fare class is applicable only to Basic Card Member and withi
n the Complimentary Medallion Upgrade Program. Reserve Upgrade priority does not
 apply to the Airport Paid Standby Program and Mileage Award Upgrades.Year-End S
ummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects char
ges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior y
ear.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on policy terms,
 go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance 
Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, 
AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. F
or residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insu
rance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not ava
ilable to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall 
Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the 
terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is
 subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the
 Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Ca
rrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare mea
ns the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your B
asic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with Am
erican Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points pr
ogram for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer 
miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you wil
l not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays e
ligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked ba
ggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For f
ull Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Rental Loss and D
amage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assu
rance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX
0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the 
Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam un
der Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American
 Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor
 Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusio
ns of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice.
 This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for
 the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Co
verage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to ren
t out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off
-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Condi
tions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible ben
efits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides col
lision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as damages to
 other vehicles or property, or injury to other persons. For full Terms and Cond
itions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is
 underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ unde
r Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For resid
ents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Li
mited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available t
o residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands,
 Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, 
conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subjec
t to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy
. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty
 on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warran
ty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide
 one additional year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year
 and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refund
ed. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage a
s a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and the
ir parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the a
mount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD 
$10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per ca
lendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case
 we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, se
e americanexpress.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwri
tten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy 
AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of G
U and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Ha
gatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residen
ts of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau an
d the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions
, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to chang
e with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping
 and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are
 not covered, e.g. consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and t
heir parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions a
pply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; 
coverage is limited up to $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card
 Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased ite
m to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This produc
t provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by 
any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see american
express.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underw
ritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Polic
y AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of
 GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, 
Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not available to residents o
f American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and th
e US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, an
d exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change wi
th notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covere
d, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, trai
n, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost f
or a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card
 Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membersh
ip Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fa
re. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from an
other program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Pleas
e read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligibl
e for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card 
that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americane
xpress.com/TAIterms.