Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGE
SAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases17.24% to 26.24%, based on your credi
tworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening. This
 APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers
17.24% to  26.24% APR on balance transfers requested within 60 days of account o
pening based on your creditworthiness and other factors.This APR will vary with 
the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary
 with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When it Applies29.99%Th
is APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied
 to new transactions on your account if:1) you make one or more late payments; o
r2) your payment is returned by your bankWe may also consider your creditworthin
ess in determining whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.How L
ong Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for
 at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR 
is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made tim
ely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.Payin
g InterestYour due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing peri
od. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your enti
re balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) 
by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance tr
ansfers on the transaction date.Plan Fee  (Fixed Finance Charge) Up to 1.17% of 
each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would o
therwise apply to the purchase and other factors.For Credit Card Tips from the C
onsumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmoreFeesAnnual Members
hip Fee$0 for the first year, then $95Transaction Fees Cash AdvanceEither $5 or 
3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign TransactionN
onePenalty Fees Late PaymentUp to $38Returned PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneHow W
e Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (in
cluding new purchases)."Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory A
PR and apply the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due 
within 60 days after its Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exc
eed 29.99%. Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate pu
blished in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. Th
e Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not
, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prim
e Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more in
terest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the r
esulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing
 period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 03/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View 
the full Card Member Agreement.By submitting this application, you are requestin
g us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qu
alified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. This offer is available
 to US Residents.You promise that the information you provide on this applicatio
n is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports
 from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsi
diaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and adm
inistrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we h
ave received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provi
ded it. When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the t
erms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member
 Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity t
o have claims related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and t
o participate in a class action or similar proceeding.  We may change the Card M
ember Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the bus
iness, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 d
ays advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to 
reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Ca
rd Membership. Additional Cards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts wi
th us but they can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agre
ement. You are responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Member
s and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they m
ake. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Acc
ount and to discuss it with them. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all f
inancial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies e
ach person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and
 other information that will allow us to verify your identity. Balance Transfers
: Only balance transfers from accounts in your name requested within 60 days fro
m the date of account opening will be approved. We will charge your Card account
 for the total approved amount of all balance transfers. No transfer will be pro
cessed if: (1) any requested transfer is less than $100; (2) the total amount of
 all requested transfers exceeds the lesser of $7,500 or 75% of your credit limi
t; or (3) charging the requested transfers to your Card account would cause your
 total account balance to exceed your credit limit. We will not initiate any bal
ance transfer until at least ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided
 the Card Member Agreement to you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to
 complete a balance transfer. Please be sure to make all required payments on an
y account from which you are transferring a balance until the balance transfer i
s credited to that account. You authorize us to verify the balance of such accou
nts. You may not transfer balances from any account issued by American Express o
r any of its affiliates. Additional Card Members may not request or authorize ba
lance transfers. Your balance transfer request may be declined if any of your Am
erican Express accounts are not in good standing. Notice to Married Wisconsin Re
sidents: No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, o
r court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a cr
editor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is f
urnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given complete information abo
ut the agreement or decree.  New York Residents: New York residents may contact 
the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its we
bsite for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace per
iods. New York State Department of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.
ny.govNotice to California Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a 
separate account.Cash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identificatio
n Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may 
request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter conf
irming your PIN.The trademarks Delta, SkyMiles, and the Delta logo are exclusive
 property of Delta Air Lines, Inc. The trademarks are registered, or registratio
ns are applied for, in countries of the world served by Delta. © 2018. All SkyMi
les program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accr
ual, mile redemption and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delt
a.com/memberguide. Offers void where prohibited by law. Offers are subject to ch
ange without notice. Other restrictions apply.Notice to Delaware Residents: Serv
ice charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outst
anding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges
 not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding bala
nces from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to y
our entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio 
laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally avail
able to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain
 separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil right
s commission administers compliance with this law.The Gold Delta SkyMiles® Credi
t Card is issued by an American Express bank. ©2018 American Express. All rights
 reserved.POID CH24:0001OFFER TERMSWelcome bonus offer not available to applican
ts who have or have had this product.If we in our sole discretion determine that
 you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome bon
us offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for
 one or more cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer(s) that we did not intend for
 you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring i
t; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), 
we may not credit the welcome bonus to, we may freeze the welcome bonus credited
 to, or we may take away the welcome bonus from your account. We may also cancel
 this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us.30,000 Bonus Mil
es To qualify for the 30,000 bonus miles, you must make eligible purchases with 
your Gold Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card that total $1,000 or more (the "Threshold 
Amount") within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date yo
ur account is approved. Miles will be credited to your account 6-8 weeks after y
ou reach the Threshold Amount. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card 
Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. Eligible purcha
ses are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligib
le purchases to meet the spend requirement do NOT include fees or interest charg
es, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Bu
siness Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases o
r reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments
, or purchases of any cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account 
are not eligible for this offer. To receive the 30,000 bonus miles, your Card ac
count must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment.You can earn 3
0,000 bonus miles after you spend $1,000 or more in eligible purchases on your C
ard within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your ac
count is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $1,000 may be shorter
 than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may f
all outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants su
bmitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you ma
de the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may
 be the date the goods are shipped). Miles will be credited to your account 6-8 
weeks after you reach the Threshold Amount. American Express reserves the right 
to modify or revoke offer at any time.$50 Statement Credit One statement credit 
for $50 will be issued to your Card account after a Delta purchase is charged to
 your Gold Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card within your first 3 months of Card Member
ship, starting from the date your account is approved. Delta purchases to meet t
he first Delta purchase requirement include those made by both the Basic and Add
itional Card Members on the Card Account. Purchase must be made directly through
 Delta. A purchase may not qualify for the statement credit if it is submitted u
nder a merchant code that has not been categorized as a Delta merchant code as o
f the date of the purchase(s). Credit will be issued as a Card Member statement 
credit approximately 8-12 weeks after your first Delta purchase. Additional Card
 Members on your account are not eligible for this offer. To earn the $50 statem
ent credit, your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fu
lfillment. Purchases to meet the spend requirement do NOT include fees or intere
st charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyM
iles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purc
hases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person p
ayments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictio
ns apply.You can earn a $50 statement credit after you make a Delta purchase on 
your Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date y
our account is approved. In rare instances, your period to make your first Delta
 purchase may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Car
d. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as
 a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date diff
ers from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods onlin
e, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Credit will be issu
ed as a Card Member statement credit approximately 8-12 weeks after your first D
elta purchase. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at 
any time.Annual FeeThe introductory annual fee for the Gold Delta SkyMiles® Cred
it Card will be $0 for the first year of Card Membership. After that, the annual
 fee will be $95.BENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and services are subject to
 change or cancellation.Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 year
s old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.Additional Card
sAdditional Card Members must be at least 13 years of age and never have had a d
efaulted account with American Express.American Express Presale(s)During the spe
cified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® 
Card Members(including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchas
ed with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). St
andard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats ar
e available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges.
 Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American 
Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Ame
x Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app features are available only for eligibl
e Card accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards 
issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.To log in, Card Members 
must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.Amex
 Mobile appiOS and Android only. See app store listings for operating system inf
oAward TravelTaxes and fees for Award Travel are the responsibility of the passe
nger and must be paid at the time the ticket is booked. Award Travel seats are l
imited and may not be available on all flights or in all markets.Delta No Blacko
ut DatesAlthough blackout dates have been eliminated on Delta flights, blackout 
dates may apply on partner flights and are defined by individual partner carrier
s.Delta Sky Club Access, Reduced FeeDelta Sky Club® Discounted Rate benefit ($29
 per person) is limited to Gold and Platinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card Members 
and up to two guests and may be used only in conjunction with same-day ticketed 
air travel on any airline. Benefit permits access to one Club location and is no
t transferable to another Club. Payment must be made in person with a Gold and P
latinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card. Children under 2 years of age may accompany 
the Card Member for free. Card Member must be at least 21 years of age to access
 Clubs with a self-service bar, unless accompanied by a parent or legal guardian
 who is also accessing the Club using the Discounted Rate benefit or as a Club m
ember. Please drink responsibly. Partner lounges are not included. Note that ame
nities may vary among airport club locations. Meeting rooms may be reserved for 
a fee. All Delta Sky Club rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.c
om/skyclub. Offer and rules subject to change without notice. Additional restric
tions may apply.Delta SkyMiles MarketPlaceSkyMiles Marketplace is for use only b
y SkyMiles Medallion® members or customers that have a U.S. issued Delta SkyMile
s Credit Card from American Express. All redemption offers and awards are subjec
t to change and to the terms and conditions of each individual merchant. Offers,
 rules and participating merchants are subject to change without notice. All Sky
Miles Marketplace rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/membe
rguide.Destination FamilyValid for new bookings made through American Express Tr
avel and eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies with participating travel p
roviders: Abercrombie &amp; Kent, Royal Caribbean International, Regent Seven Se
as Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider. Payment must be 
made with an American Express Card. Program benefits may not be available to res
idents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member must travel on itine
rary booked. Limit one benefit package per booking. May not be combined with oth
er offers unless indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits are subject to cha
nge. Benefits listed are non- transferable, subject to availability, and cannot 
be redeemed for cash or credit. Available to all U.S. American Express Corporate
, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolv
ed in the Card Member's favor.Earn 1 MileBonus miles will be posted to your Delt
a SkyMiles account 8 to 12 weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to 
earn bonus miles, Card Member's account must not be canceled or past due at time
 of bonus fulfillment. Fees, interest charges, balance transfers (balance transf
ers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, 
purchases of traveler's checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person paymen
ts, the purchase or reloading of prepaid cards and purchases of other cash equiv
alents do not earn miles.Earn 2 Miles on Delta PurchasesFor each dollar charged 
on an eligible purchase in each billing period on your Card from American Expres
s, you earn 1 mile. You earn 1 additional mile (for a total of 2 miles) on each 
dollar of eligible purchases made directly with Delta ("Delta purchases"). Delta
 purchases are eligible purchases where Delta is the merchant of record, such as
 purchases via delta.com, phone reservations, or ticket counters, such as upgrad
es, miles, seat selection, Delta Sky Club® membership or passes, and pre-purchas
ed meals, and in-flight purchases of food, alcoholic beverages and audio headset
s on Delta-operated flights (eligible purchases do not include any other in-flig
ht purchases, such as in-flight wireless internet access, and associated service
s, and charitable contributions). Delta purchases include Delta Vacation® packag
es but not other all-inclusive packages. Delta purchases include purchases of qu
alifying Delta, Delta Connection® carrier and Delta Shuttle® flights taken with 
the purchase of a fare that is eligible for SkyMiles mileage credit. Additional 
miles earned for Delta flight purchases made with the Delta SkyMiles Credit Card
 from American Express will be based on the total ticket price, including base f
are, carrier-imposed surcharges and government-imposed taxes and fees. Eligible 
purchases mean purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits.
 Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers (
balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), c
ash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-
person payments, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other 
cash equivalents. Bonus miles will be posted to your Delta SkyMiles account 8 to
 12 weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to receive miles, your Car
d account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment. This offe
r is subject to change without notice.Earn Medallion StatusMedallion Qualificati
on Miles received in 2018 above member's received Medallion threshold level will
 be rolled over to 2019 and will count toward 2020 Medallion status qualificatio
n. In addition, all Medallion Qualification Miles earned between January 1 and D
ecember 31, 2018, will count towards 2019 Medallion status.Entertainment Access®
Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are ava
ilable exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and 
International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (i
ncluding Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer
 is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates appl
y. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at
 any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be acc
essible to Card Members with disabilities.First Checked Bag FreeBenefit is limit
ed to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold, Platinum o
r Reserve Delta SkyMiles Credit Cards. Reservation must include the Basic Card M
ember's SkyMiles number. Fee waiver also available for passengers traveling in t
he same reservation as the Basic Card Member. Maximum nine waivers per reservati
on. New Card Members and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Cred
it Card product will be eligible for the checked baggage fee waiver benefit afte
r receiving their Card from American Express. The first checked bag fee waiver w
ill only be applied on flight segments which originate on a Delta or Delta Conne
ction® carrier when you check-in with Delta for both a Delta marketed and Delta 
operated flight. Waiver is only for normal bag fee, if any, for the first checke
d bag that is not overweight and not oversize under Delta's applicable rules as 
set forth in Delta's contract of carriage. Additional terms, conditions and rest
rictions may apply. See delta.com/firstbagfree for details.Global Assist® Hotlin
eWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered a
t no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for t
he costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions
, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.In-Flight SavingsCard Members will receive a 2
0% savings in the form of a statement credit on eligible pre-purchased meals, an
d in-flight purchases of food, alcoholic beverages and audio headsets, on Delta-
operated flights. Savings do not apply to any other in-flight purchases, such as
 in-flight wireless internet access, and associated services, and charitable con
tributions. To receive the savings, Card Members must use their Delta SkyMiles C
redit Card from American Express to complete the in-flight purchase. Savings wil
l appear as a statement credit 6-8 weeks after the transaction is posted to the 
Card Member's Card account. Offer is subject to change without notice. Additiona
l terms, conditions, and restrictions may apply. See http://delta.com/mycardcan 
for details.Instant Card NumberInstant Card Number eligibility is based on our a
bility to instantly validate your identity. If you are eligible for Instant Card
 Number, you will receive an instant account number that you can use virtually a
nywhere American Express is accepted and a physical card will not be required. Y
ou may not have access to your full credit line to use anywhere the Card is acce
pted until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your ca
rd in 3-5 business days of account approval.Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you b
ook a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same roo
m, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults
, at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the differenc
e. Your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in.
 The "Lowest Rate Guaranteed" policy applies only to online rates available to t
he general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to 
the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, me
eting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; 
or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty,
 points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transfe
rred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name o
f the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, dea
ls, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities suc
h as parking, meals, or entertainment, and (4) rates booked through the FINE HOT
ELS &amp; RESORTS program. DetailsMedallion Qualification Dollar WaiverIf the Me
dallion Qualification Dollar (MQD) threshold is not met for a Qualification Year
, you can still qualify for Platinum, Gold and Silver Medallion Status if you ha
ve earned the required Medallion Qualification Miles (MQMs) or Medallion Qualifi
cation Segments (MQSs) and make at least $25,000 in Eligible Purchases within th
at Qualification Year on your Eligible Card. If the MQD threshold is not met for
 a Qualification Year, you can qualify for Diamond Medallion Status if you have 
earned the required MQMs or MQSs and spend at least $250,000 in eligible purchas
es within that Qualification Year on your Eligible Card. A Qualification Year is
 from January 1 to December 31 of a given year. The close of the Qualification Y
ear is December 31, without regard to the time of the year that the credit card 
account is opened. This means that for the first year of Card Membership, the Ca
rd Member's Eligible Purchase period may be less than twelve months. Eligible Pu
rchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. 
Eligible Purchases do NOT include fees, interest charges, balance transfers, cas
h advances, purchases of travelers' checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid ca
rds, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Eligible purchases may fall outside
 of the Qualification Year in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submittin
g transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the 
transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the
 date the goods are shipped). This may result in a delay in receiving the MQD wa
iver. You can confirm whether you have met the Eligible Purchase threshold for t
he MQD Waiver by logging into your SkyMiles account on delta.com or in the Fly D
elta app. Eligible Purchases made by Additional Card Members on the Basic Card M
ember's Eligible Card will count toward the Eligible Purchase threshold. For pur
poses of calculating the Eligible Purchase threshold, Eligible Purchases will be
 combined across multiple Eligible Cards of the Basic Card Member if those Card 
accounts are linked to the same SkyMiles number. Eligible Cards are the followin
g: Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta S
kyMiles, Delta Reserve Credit Card, Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Gold De
lta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card,
 Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card from American Express. The Blue Delta Sk
yMiles® Credit Card is not eligible for the MQD Waiver. However, if you have ano
ther Delta SkyMiles Credit Card with the MQD Waiver benefit in addition to your 
Delta Blue SkyMiles Credit Card, Eligible Purchases made on the Blue Delta SkyMi
les Credit Card will continue to count towards the MQD Waiver. This benefit exte
nds to Basic Card Members only (Additional Card Members are not eligible). Offer
 terms and conditions subject to change.Medallion Status UpgradesSeat upgrades a
re subject to limited availability and may not be available on all flights or in
 all markets.No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any for
eign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with
 your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a
 fee on foreign transactions.Pay ItPay ItSM is only available in the American Ex
press Mobile app for your eligible Account. With the Pay It feature, you can mak
e a payment equal to the amount of a billed purchase less than $100. Payments ma
de with Pay It are not applied to that billed purchase but to your outstanding b
alance in accordance with how we apply payments.Your account is eligible for Pay
 It if you are a Basic Card Member or Additional Card Member of a Credit Card ac
count issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express that is not cancel
led. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Charge Cards, American Express
 Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-bra
nded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eli
gible.Pay with MilesProgram is limited to Basic (not Additional) Gold and Platin
um Delta SkyMiles and Delta Reserve Credit Card Members, as well as to Gold and 
Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card Members and Delta Reserve for Busin
ess Credit Card Members. New Card Members are eligible to use Pay with Miles upo
n receipt of their Card. Eligible only on Delta and Delta Connection® carrier-op
erated and ticketed flights booked at delta.com. Not available on other codeshar
e flights. Eligible flights for this program will be marked as Pay with Miles el
igible. Miles redemptions must be in 5,000 mile increments, with a minimum of 5,
000 miles for redemption, and the number of miles redeemed will be rounded up to
 the nearest 5,000 mile increment, as applicable.  Use your Delta SkyMiles Credi
t Card to pay for the remaining ticket price when using Pay with Miles.  Five th
ousand miles generally provides $50 of value.  However, you may receive less val
ue per mile if the cost of a ticket you choose to cover entirely with miles is n
ot a multiple of $50. All Pay with Miles tickets will earn mileage, and will ear
n Medallion Qualification Dollars, for the portion of the base fare and carrier-
imposed surcharges remaining that is paid in currency after miles are applied to
 the ticket total.   Mileage redemption will be applied toward the base fare and
 carrier-imposed surcharges prior to being applied toward taxes and fees. In add
ition, all Pay with Miles tickets are eligible for Medallion Qualification Segme
nts, and Medallion Qualification Miles. Pay with Miles tickets are not eligible 
for Best Fare Guarantee and may not be combined with any other forms of mileage 
redemption, such as Award Travel tickets. Medallion Complimentary Upgrades on Pa
y with Miles tickets are subject to availability and may not be eligible on all 
flights. Except for tickets refunded under Delta's Risk Free Cancellation policy
, miles redeemed with Pay with Miles cannot be re-deposited in the member's SkyM
iles Account — even for fully refundable fares.  Residual value for a changed or
 cancelled ticket will be issued as an e-certificate applicable to future Delta 
purchases. For terms, conditions, and restrictions, visit delta.com/paywithmiles
.Plan ItPlan ItSM allows you to create up to 10 active payment plans for qualify
ing purchases of $100 or more, subject to a plan fee. This fee is a fixed financ
e charge that will be charged each month that a plan is active.You may use this 
feature by selecting a qualifying purchase and a plan duration. Qualifying purch
ases will be identified in your American Express online account or American Expr
ess Mobile for your eligible Account. Qualifying purchases do not include purcha
ses of cash or cash equivalents, purchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees o
r any fee owed to us, including Annual Membership fees.Your ability to create pl
ans will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness or your 
credit limit. You will not be able to create plans if your Account is canceled. 
You will not be able to create plans if one or more of your American Express acc
ounts is enrolled into a debt management program, or has a payment that is retur
ned unpaid, or is delinquent. The number of active plans and plan durations offe
red to you will be at our discretion and will be based on a variety of factors s
uch as your creditworthiness, the purchase amount, and your Account history.Plan
 It is available to Credit Card accounts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of 
American Express. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on
 the Account can select a qualifying purchase for Plan It. Prepaid Cards and pro
ducts, American Express Charge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American
 Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded cards or account numb
ers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.Priority BoardingCar
d Members are entitled to receive Zone 1 Priority Boarding on Delta flights. Ben
efit is limited to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gol
d, Platinum or Reserve Delta SkyMiles Credit Cards. Reservation must include the
 Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number. Priority Boarding is also available for pa
ssengers traveling in the same reservation as the Basic Card Member. Maximum nin
e passengers per reservation receive the Priority Boarding. Priority Boarding wi
ll only be available on Delta and Delta Connection carrier operated flights. Del
ta does not offer Priority Boarding on Delta Shuttle® flights. New Card Members 
and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Credit Card product from 
American Express will be eligible for the Priority Boarding benefit after receiv
ing their Card from American Express. Offer is subject to change without notice.
 Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See delta.com/mycardca
n for details.Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible pur
chase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is lim
ited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000
 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shippi
ng and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible 
if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to
 the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are n
ot eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer soft
ware, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in t
he 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. 
Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands
, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purc
hased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Re
turn Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusi
ons. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.Roadside Ass
istance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that ca
n send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Ro
adside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, the Card Member 
will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith ca
n provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire chang
e when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle 
and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling w
ithin the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and th
e U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with the eligible veh
icle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycl
es, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross veh
icle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you w
ith coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weather or on road
ways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be 
unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important 
terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-11
56 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.ShopRunnerShopRunner Benefit Terms and Con
ditions Enrolling in the Benefit. To get the free ShopRunner membership benefit 
compliments of American Express (the "benefit"), you must go to www.shoprunner.c
om/americanexpress and verify your eligibility for the benefit with an eligible 
Card account number and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner membership ac
count ("ShopRunner account"). For details on how the ShopRunner membership works
, please see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.shoprunner.com/t
erms/sr/ which govern the use of your ShopRunner membership benefit. You may als
o be able to enroll in this benefit through access provided to ShopRunner at par
ticipating online stores or through an email provided by American Express if it 
has determined that you have an eligible Card. An "eligible Card" means an Ameri
can Express U.S. Consumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card that is not ca
ncelled and that is issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Expre
ss. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards and American Ex
press-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions ar
e not eligible. ShopRunner will verify with American Express the eligibility of 
your Credit or Charge Card account number for the benefit. Maintaining the Benef
it. To maintain this benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must maintain an el
igible Card. The benefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner account if you do n
ot have an eligible Card. You can maintain only one benefit per eligible Card. D
uring your enrollment in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Express will verif
y your benefit eligibility. Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Memberships. If you
 enroll in the benefit and sign up with an existing ShopRunner account, ShopRunn
er will cancel the term of your existing ShopRunner account. If you paid a fee f
or any unused portion of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRunner will provi
de you with a pro rata refund for that portion in accordance with ShopRunner's r
efund policy. The refund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after enrollment and
 will be issued to the payment method you used to pay the fee. If a portion of t
he cancelled term of membership was promotional or free, the free period will be
 cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by you. If you currently have a free or p
romotional membership on your ShopRunner account, you should consider whether to
 enroll in the benefit at this time.General Terms. An eligible Card can be used 
to verify eligibility for only one benefit enrollment. American Express may rece
ive and use your personal data from ShopRunner, which may include personally ide
ntifiable information and Credit Card information, to determine eligibility and 
further develop features and services related to the benefit. American Express m
ay send you emails regarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any information Am
erican Express collects from you or from ShopRunner shall be governed by the Ame
rican Express Online Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpress.com/privacy)
. American Express may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminate this benefit
 at any time. You can review these Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting 
https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.SkyMiles GeneralAll SkyMiles program rule
s apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemp
tion, and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/membergui
de. Partner airline benefits are subject to change and subject to the terms and 
conditions of each partner. Partner offers are subject to the terms and conditio
ns of each individual offer. Offers are void where prohibited by law. Offers are
 subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.SkyMiles Online Auct
ionAll SkyMiles Online Auction rules apply, visit delta.com/skymilesauction for 
more details. All Delta SkyMiles program rules apply. To review the rules, pleas
e visit delta.com/memberguide. Offers, prices and rules are subject to change wi
thout notice. Offers void where prohibited by law. Additional restrictions may a
pply.Spending LimitsWhen you request that we apply a limit as described below on
 Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to the
se terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the te
rms of your Card Member Agreement.At your request, we may agree to apply a limit
 to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are c
harged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Mem
bers on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the tota
l dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period,
 that are made using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Addition
al Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guara
ntee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash acce
ss transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not ta
ke into account any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), 
even if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any r
equest that we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing pe
riod. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prio
r to the date during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subjec
t to the limit for that billing period.Because of systems or administrative cons
iderations, arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, 
but are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (c
ollectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay 
all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree 
that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to
 any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. Wh
ile we typically require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and 
submit final transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit m
ay not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization
 for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount o
f the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not
 submitted or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Exa
mples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in 
duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline
 ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reser
vation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring bas
is; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges inc
urred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or ot
her fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restauran
t tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing pe
riod, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that bil
ling period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or fo
r travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.The
 Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Li
mit is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subjec
t to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions.The American Express A
uto Purchasing Program DisclosureFor a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Saving
s represents the amount that a Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save of
f the MSRP on any in-stock vehicle that is the same make, model, and trim as you
r Configured Vehicle. The Guaranteed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is base
d on a vehicle without factory or dealer installed options and includes generall
y available manufacturer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Sav
ings represents the amount that the Certified Dealer guarantees that you will sa
ve off the MSRP of the vehicle with the specific VIN listed and includes savings
 on factory-installed options. If you change your vehicle or the optional featur
es, it will change your savings. For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.
truecar.com.Year-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in 
January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through Decemb
er 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important inform
ation on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideCar Rental Loss an
d Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX A
ssurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy
 AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, t
he Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam
 under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of Ameri
can Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Mi
nor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclu
sions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with noti
ce. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies 
for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company.
 Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to 
rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. 
off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Co
nditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible 
benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides 
collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injurie
s to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or dam
ages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americane
xpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX
 Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Poli
cy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, th
e Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam 
under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of Americ
an Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Mi
nor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclu
sions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with noti
ce. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty c
an extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of fiv
e years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original ma
nufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year 
if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Ship
ping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases
 are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural
 disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other impor
tant exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your
 eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrenc
e; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may 
be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse yo
u for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com
/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assuranc
e Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951
-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is
 underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Pol
icy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa,
 Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlyi
ng Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of t
he Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This d
ocument does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs f
or the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. it
ems lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles
 and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclus
ions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible 
Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per
 Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchase
d item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This p
roduct provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not pai
d by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see ame
ricanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is u
nderwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under 
Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residen
ts of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limi
ted, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not available to reside
nts of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau a
nd the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, condition
s, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to chan
ge with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be c
overed, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane,
 train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare c
ost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional
 Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Mem
bership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the enti
re fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points fr
om another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. 
Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be el
igible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible 
card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see amer
icanexpress.com/TAIterms.