PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO READ IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATION BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION. Important information regarding rates, fees, and other cost informationINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGESAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases Up to the Credit Limit0% introductory APR for the first 12 months.After that, your APR will be 14.74% (Prime Rate + 9.99%) to 20.74% (Prime Rate + 15.99%) based on your creditworthiness as determined at the time of account opening. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers0% introductory APR for the first 12 months on balance transfers requested within 60 days of account opening.After that, your APR for those transactions and any other balance transfer request(s), if we accept them, will be 14.74% (Prime Rate + 9.99%), 17.74% (Prime Rate + 12.99%) or 20.74% (Prime Rate + 15.99%) based on your creditworthiness and other factors. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When it Applies29.99% (Prime Rate + 25.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR will apply to your account if:1) You make 2 or more late payments in a 12-month period;2) You do not pay the Minimum Payment due by the closing date of the billing period in which it is due; or3) You make a payment that is returned.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for a minimum of 12 billing periods in a row, and will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments for 12 billing periods in a row.The Penalty APR may apply to the Amount Above the Credit Limit. See When we charge interest in Part 2 of the Cardmember Agreement for information on interest charged if You Do Not Pay Your Minimum Payment Due. See the Card Member Agreement at https://www.americanexpress.com/us/cardmember-agreements/all-us.htmlPaying InterestYour due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on balance transfers on the transaction date. If you pay the Minimum Payment Due by the Closing Date of the billing period in which it is due each month, we will not charge interest on the Amount Above the Credit Limit. See When we charge interest in Part 2 of the Cardmember Agreement.FeesAnnual Membership Fee$0Transaction Fees Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction2.7% of each transaction after conversion to US dollars.Penalty Fees Late PaymentUp to $39OverlimitNoneReturned Payment$39How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."Loss of Introductory APR: If a penalty APR applies to your account for any reason we will end any introductory APRs and a penalty APR will apply to your Account.The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%.Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 02/22/2020. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement. By submitting this application, you, as an individual and the Authorizing Officer of the Company, (a) are requesting us to open an Account in the name of the Company, (b) are requesting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be jointly and severally liable with the Company for all charges to the account, and (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be approved for a Card Account. This offer is available to US Residents. When you use the Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you for the Account. The Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which impacts the opportunity to have claims related to the Account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the terms of, or add new terms to, the Card Member Agreement at any time, subject to applicable law. We may apply any changed or new terms to any existing and future balances on your Account, subject to applicable law.    You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it. Additional Cards: You must notify Additional Card Members that we may obtain, provide, and use information about them and that their use of your Account is subject to certain provisions of the Card Member Agreement. The maximum number of additional cards issued on each account is 99. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity. Balance Transfers: Only balance transfers from accounts in your name requested within 60 days from the date of account opening will be approved. We will charge your Card account for the total approved amount of all balance transfers. No transfer will be processed if: (1) the total amount of all requested transfers exceeds the lesser of $15,000 or 75% of your credit limit; or (2) charging the requested transfers to your Card account would cause your total account balance to exceed your credit limit. We will not initiate any balance transfer until at least ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card Member Agreement to you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a balance transfer. Please be sure to make all required payments on any account from which you are transferring a balance until the balance transfer is credited to that account. You authorize us to verify the balance of such accounts. You may not transfer balances from any account issued by American Express or any of its affiliates. Additional Card Members may not request or authorize balance transfers. Your balance transfer request may be declined if any of your American Express accounts are not in good standing.  New York Residents: New York Residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Department of Financial Services: 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govNotice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law. The American Express Blue Business Cash™ Card is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2020 American Express National Bank.POID GDRA:0002OFFER CODE: 30B7-93V463-5B9Q-HQ4OFFER TERMSWelcome offer not available to applicants who have or have had this Card. We may also consider the number of American Express Cards you have opened and closed as well as other factors in making a decision on your welcome offer eligibility.If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome offer (s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit the welcome offer to, we may freeze the welcome offer credited to, or we may take away the welcome offer from your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us. Statement Credit Tiered Offer Earn up to $500 cash back as statement credits.You can earn a $250 statement credit after you spend $5,000 or more (the "Threshold Amount") in eligible purchases* on your Card within your first 6 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved.You can earn an additional $250 statement credit after you spend an additional $10,000 or more in eligible purchases on your Card within your first year of Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved. The $500 statement credit(s) will appear on your monthly billing statement within 8-12 weeks after you have charged $5,000 plus an additional $10,000 in eligible purchases, provided that your Card account is not canceled or past due. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. Limit one offer per Card Account. Offer may not be combined with any other special offer.*Eligible purchases are purchases of goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply.You can earn up to $500 cash back as statement credits starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $5,000 may be shorter than 6 months, and your period to spend the additional $10,000 may be shorter than 12 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 6 to 12 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped).American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.BENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.American Express Business AppThe American Express® Business App is available with American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Functionality may differ based on Card product or program. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed. Receipts will be stored until the earliest of the following: (1) seven years from the end of the calendar year that the receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that your online account is closed. American Express reserves the right to delete or purge receipts for any reason in its sole discretion, with or without notice. The Amex® Business App is available on the App Store® and Google Play™. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.American Express Presale(s)American Express® Card Members have exclusive access to tickets before the general public for the specified sales window. Simply pay with your American Express® Card. Tickets are subject to the rules, terms & conditions, and fees set by the ticket seller, promoter and/or the venue, as applicable. Offer is fulfilled by ticket seller, subject to availability and may be changed or revoked at any time. Not all seats available and blackout dates may apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges.American Express SeatingThe American Express Seating program is available to all Card Members. Simply pay with your American Express® Card. Tickets are subject to the rules, terms & conditions, and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue, as applicable. Offer is fulfilled by ticket seller, subject to availability and may be changed or revoked at any time. Not all seats available and blackout dates may apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges.Cash back – 2%Cash back can be received on eligible purchases made on your Blue Business Cash Card. The cash back is based on a percentage of the eligible purchases you make during each billing period and will be automatically credited to your account as a statement credit. The statement credit will automatically appear by the second billing statement you receive after the billing statement with the eligible purchases. You will not receive a statement credit for eligible purchases made if you do not pay the minimum payment due by the Closing Date of the billing period in which it is due, or if your Card account is cancelled before the credit is issued. For each calendar year (starting January 1st and ending December 31st), you will receive a statement credit of: 2% on your first $50,000 of eligible purchases; then 1% on all other eligible purchases. Additional terms and restrictions apply.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.Employee Card - Category AlertsMerchants are categorized based on what they primarily sell. You will not receive an alert if an Employee makes a purchase at a merchant from an approved category, whether or not you consider that purchase to be a part of a particular category.Employee Card Spending LimitsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be set up online or by calling the number on the back of your Card. The Spending Limit is not a guarantee that the Employee Card Member will be able to make purchases up to that limit. There are certain purchases where the limit does not apply, such as, for example, restaurant tips and hotel stays extended beyond their original reservation period, and the overall Account capacity is taken into consideration. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. For more information on the application of the limit, please refer to the Employee Card Spending Limits Terms and Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, which will also be provided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this feature.Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Expanded buying powerThe portion of your account balance that is above your credit limit is due in full each month as part of your minimum payment due. You will not incur interest charges on the portion of your account balance that is above your credit limit so long as you pay the entire minimum payment due by the closing date of the billing period in which it is due. If you do not, then the penalty rate will apply to your entire balance, including any amount above the credit limit.Forfeiting Cash BackYou will not receive the cash back if your Card account is cancelled or in default at the time of fulfillment.FX International Payments Live Exchange Rates disclosureAmerican Express may provide indicative foreign exchange rates outside of business hours, which are 8:30 am to 4:45 pm Eastern Time, Monday to Friday, holidays excluded.  FXIP disclosure when using the claim "secure"FX International Payments incorporates encryption, both for stored data (such as account information) and for payments created and transmitted in real-time. The FX International Payments platform is deployed within American Express' state of the art data center that features advanced online and offline security and monitoring against internet attacks. FX International Payments implements American Express standards relating to information integrity, transaction security and information security.FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. (“American Express“). This service is not available to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required to complete an application which is subject to review and approval by American Express. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 1-833-319-7265.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeValid only for American Express Card Members. If you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, or (4) rates booked through the Fine Hotels & Resorts® and The Hotel Collection programs. DetailsRewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, conditions and restrictions vary by individual Card products.Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.Vendor PayVendor Pay by Bill.com is available on American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Card Members must sign up for Vendor Pay and enroll the Card for payments by going to www.americanexpress.com/vendorpay. Not all suppliers may accept American Express virtual payments. The Basic plan has no monthly fee for the first user and no fee for a second user for six months from when the first user signs up. After six months, the second user will have a fee of $15 per month. The Advanced version has a monthly fee of $59 or $99 per user depending on select accounting systems. The monthly fees are set by Bill.com and subject to change at Bill.com's discretion. Fees are in addition to American Express Card fees. There are additional per transaction fees for check and ACH services.Year–End SummaryThe Online Year–End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideCar Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.