Amazon Business Card  Benefits & DetailsAmazon Business Card Benefits & Rewards for your Business
Amazon Business Enhanced Data ViewsGain deeper insights on purchases and simplify expense reconciliation.
With enhanced data views, you can see Amazon Business purchases listed item by item in an easily downloadable file from your online statement.‡Amazon Shop with PointsWith rewards that don’t expire, you choose when to redeem.
Decide to save on items at checkout on Amazon.com and Amazon Business (U.S.) or apply towards a purchase on your statement.‡No Foreign Transaction Fees¤No matter where you’re traveling, when you use your Amazon Business Card there are no foreign transaction fees from American Express.‡Expense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses
Account ManagerAssign a trusted employee or business partner to be an Account Manager on your Business Card account.‡ They can handle tasks like reviewing statements, making payments, and disputing charges on your Business Cards, so you’re free to focus on other aspects of your business.‡Employee CardsGet more out of your Business Card with Employee Cards.
Get rewards and stay on top of how much employees are spending.‡American Express® Business AppSimplify the way you and your employees manage Business Card receipts with the American Express® Business App.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help avoid late payments, spot irregular spending, and monitor Employee Card use.‡Year-End SummaryAt the end of the year, see a complete summary that categorizes your spend by month and purchase type, and helps you track your business expenses down to the last detail.‡Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.American Express® AppTrack spending and rewards, find offers, make a payment, and get important account alerts in real-time with the American Express® App.‡Vendor Pay by Bill.com‡You can make the most out of paying your business bills.
Improve your cash flow and take advantage of Card benefits when you use your Card to pay bills with Vendor Pay by Bill.com.Take advantage of Vendor Pay by Bill.com by enrolling your Card.
With the Basic plan, there is no monthly fee for the first user.
Additional fees may apply based on plan type and number of users.Customer Service and 24/7 support, whenever you need us
Relationship Care® ServiceGet round the clock, world-class customer support from our special brand of Relationship Care® service.
Simply call the number on the back of your Card to speak to one of our Customer Care Professionals who are specially trained to understand the needs of small business owners and can provide you with business-savvy support.
We are committed to serving your unique needs and helping you unlock the power of your Card.Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎Travel more comfortably knowing you can be covered by the Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎ for eligible lost, damaged, or stolen baggage when you purchase the entire fare for a Common Carrier ticket (e.g.
plane, train, ship, or bus) on your eligible Card.
Coverage can be provided for up to $1,250 for carry-on baggage and up to $500 for checked baggage.
For New York State residents, there is a $10,000 aggregate maximum limit for all Covered Persons per Covered Trip.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Global Assist® Hotline‡Global Assist® Hotline is a travel assistance service that comes with your Card.
When you’re more than 100 miles away from home, use Global Assist Hotline for assistance and coordination services when unexpected issues come up during your trip—things like lost passports and missing luggage.
You can call the hotline at no additional cost, but any third-party service charges are your responsibility.Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, you can be covered if your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen when you use your eligible Card to reserve and pay for the entire eligible vehicle rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the rental car counter.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.
Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered.
Coverage is not available in Australia, Italy, and New Zealand.
This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Even More Benefits for Card Members
Dispute ResolutionWe will work with you to help resolve the issue if there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding.
With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone.
Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.