Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGE
SAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases0% introductory APR for the first 12 
months.After that, your APR will be 14.49% to 25.49%, based on your creditworthi
ness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening. This APR wi
ll vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers0% intr
oductory APR for the first 12 months on balance transfers requested within 60 da
ys of account opening.After that, your APR for those transactions and any other 
balance transfer requests, if we accept them, will be 14.49% to 25.49% based on 
your creditworthiness and other factors. This APR will vary with the market base
d on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the marke
t based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When it Applies29.99%This APR will var
y with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied to new transac
tions on your account if:1) you make one or more late payments; or2) your paymen
t is returned by your bankWe may also consider your creditworthiness in determin
ing whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.How Long Will the Pe
nalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for at least 6 mon
ths. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR is applied. The
 Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, w
ith no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.Paying InterestYour 
due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not
 charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your entire balance (or 
if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) by the due date
. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance transfers on the 
transaction date.Plan Fee  (Fixed Finance Charge) 0% introductory plan fee on ea
ch purchase moved into a plan during the first 12 months. After that, your plan 
fee will be up to 1.13% of each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan dur
ation, the APR that would otherwise apply to the purchase and other factors.For 
Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more abou
t factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the websit
e of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/
learnmoreFeesAnnual Membership Fee$95Transaction Fees Balance TransferEither $5 
or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $5
 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transact
ion2.7% of each transaction after conversion to US dollars.Penalty Fees Late Pay
mentUp to $38Returned PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneHow We Will Calculate Your Ba
lance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."
Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty
 APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its
 Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%. Variable APR
s for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Stre
et Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal ma
y not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime 
Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variab
le APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher
 Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to vari
able APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs a
re accurate as of 03/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agr
eement.By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account 
in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 o
r over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.You pro
mise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You autho
rize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting
 agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share informa
tion we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as 
permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer 
report and the name and address of the agency that provided it. When you use you
r Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member 
Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an a
rbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to
 the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class
 action or similar proceeding.  We may change the Card Member Agreement subject 
to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competi
tive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and 
we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cann
ot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership. Additiona
l Cards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use y
our Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsib
le for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow 
to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to
 give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it w
ith them. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to
 obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an 
account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that 
will allow us to verify your identity. Balance Transfers: Only balance transfers
 from accounts in your name requested within 60 days from the date of account op
ening will be approved. We will charge your Card account for the total approved 
amount of all balance transfers. No transfer will be processed if: (1) any reque
sted transfer is less than $100; (2) the total amount of all requested transfers
 exceeds the lesser of $7,500 or 75% of your credit limit; or (3) charging the r
equested transfers to your Card account would cause your total account balance t
o exceed your credit limit. We will not initiate any balance transfer until at l
east ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card Member Agreeme
nt to you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a balance tran
sfer. Please be sure to make all required payments on any account from which you
 are transferring a balance until the balance transfer is credited to that accou
nt. You authorize us to verify the balance of such accounts. You may not transfe
r balances from any account issued by American Express or any of its affiliates.
 Additional Card Members may not request or authorize balance transfers. Your ba
lance transfer request may be declined if any of your American Express accounts 
are not in good standing. Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of
 any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wis
consin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless
, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that 
agreement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decr
ee.  New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Depar
tment of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free informati
on on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Dep
artment of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govNotice to Californ
ia Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.Cash ad
vance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to
 obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash a
dvances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.Notice t
o Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law wi
ll be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon 
Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charg
ed on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the mi
nimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to
 Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors
 make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit r
eporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon req
uest. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.Blue
 Cash Preferred® from American Express is issued by an American Express bank. ©2
018 American Express. All rights reserved.POID CAN7:0021OFFER CODE: R0X3-ZLLJ2-K
WUQ-JROFFER TERMSWelcome bonus offer not available to applicants who have or hav
e had this product.$250 Statement CreditTo qualify for the $250 statement credit
, you must make purchases with your Blue Cash Preferred® Card from American Expr
ess that total $1,000 or more within your first 3 months of Card Membership. The
 statement credit will be applied 6-8 weeks after the spend threshold is met. If
 we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or 
gaming in connection with the welcome bonus offer in any way or that you intend 
to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome 
bonus offer (s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your 
account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchase
s you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit the Statement Credit
 to, we may freeze the Statement Credit credited to, or we may take away the Sta
tement Credit from your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other 
Card accounts you may have with us. Qualifying purchases can be made by the Basi
c Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card Account. Purchase
s to meet the spend requirement do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance
 transfers, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloadin
g of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purch
ases of any cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account are not el
igible for this offer. To receive the $250 statement credit, your Card account m
ust not be past due or cancelled at the time the statement credit is posted to y
our Card account.You can earn the $250 statement credit after you spend $1,000 o
r more in qualifying purchases on your Card within your first 3 months of Card M
embership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, yo
ur period to spend $1,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in re
ceiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in som
e cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the pu
rchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you
 buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). The
 statement credit will be applied 6-8 weeks after the spend threshold is met.Ame
rican Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.BENEFIT T
ERMSThe following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.Ac
count ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mail
ing Address and Social Security Number.American Express Presale(s)During the spe
cified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® 
Card Members(including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchas
ed with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). St
andard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats ar
e available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges.
 Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American 
Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Ame
x Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app features are available only for eligibl
e Card accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards 
issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.To log in, Card Members 
must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.Amex
 Mobile appiOS and Android only. See app store listings for operating system inf
oBlue Cash Reward Dollars on Eligible PurchasesYou will earn cash back only on e
ligible purchases and in the form of Blue Cash Reward Dollars (reward dollars). 
You can redeem reward dollars for statement credits in increments of 25 whenever
 your available reward dollars balance is 25 or more. You cannot use cash back t
o pay your Minimum Due. The number of reward dollars you earn is based on a perc
entage of the dollar amount of your eligible purchases during each billing perio
d. From time to time we may at our option offer you other ways to redeem reward 
dollars, such as for gift cards or merchandise. Eligible purchases are purchases
 for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do N
OT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases
 of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards,purchases of gift 
card, person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. You wil
l earn a reward of 6% on the first $6,000 of eligible purchases in a calendar ye
ar at supermarkets located in the U.S. (superstores and warehouse clubs are not 
considered supermarkets); 3% on eligible purchases of gasoline at gas stations l
ocated in the U.S. (superstores, supermarkets and warehouse clubs that sell gaso
line are not considered gas stations); 3% on eligible purchases at select depart
ment stores located in the U.S. (the current list of select major department sto
res at which you can earn a 3% reward is available at americanexpress.com/reward
s-info); and 1% on all other eligible purchases. Additional terms apply. Merchan
ts are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not ear
n a higher percentage reward if the merchant's code is not eligible. Purchases m
ade through a third-party payment account or on an online marketplace (with mult
iple retailers) will not earn a higher percentage reward. A purchase may not rec
eive a higher percentage reward if the merchant submits the purchase using a mob
ile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet.Destination
 FamilyValid for new bookings made through American Express Travel and eligible 
Travel Associate Platform agencies with participating travel providers: Abercrom
bie &amp; Kent, Royal Caribbean International, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and Tr
avel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider. Payment must be made with an Ameri
can Express Card. Program benefits may not be available to residents outside of 
the contiguous United States. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Limit
 one benefit package per booking. May not be combined with other offers unless i
ndicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits are subject to change. Benefits list
ed are non- transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for ca
sh or credit. Available to all U.S. American Express Corporate, Consumer, OPEN a
nd Prepaid Cards.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Mem
ber's favor.Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specif
ied sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Car
d Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased
 with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Stan
dard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are 
available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. O
ffer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Ex
press. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Globa
l Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance servic
es are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are r
esponsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Term
s and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Instant Card NumberInstant Car
d Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly validate your identity
. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an instant accou
nt number that you can use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a
 physical card will not be required. You may not have access to your full credit
 line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after you confirm receipt of yo
ur physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 business days of account approva
l.Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on ame
xtravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, 
the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes an
d fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to y
our stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guaranteed" policy appli
es only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates o
r discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not lim
ited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military
, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in co
mbination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won thro
ugh contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites t
hat do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is comp
lete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles tha
t may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, and
 (4) rates booked through the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS program. DetailsPay ItPa
y ItSM is only available in the American Express Mobile app for your eligible Ac
count. With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a 
billed purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to tha
t billed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we appl
y payments.Your account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or
 Additional Card Member of a Credit Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsid
iary of American Express that is not cancelled. Prepaid Cards and products, Amer
ican Express Charge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Sm
all Business Cards and American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued 
by other financial institutions are not eligible.Plan ItPlan ItSM allows you to 
create up to 10 active payment plans for qualifying purchases of $100 or more, s
ubject to a plan fee. This fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged ea
ch month that a plan is active.You may use this feature by selecting a qualifyin
g purchase and a plan duration. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your 
American Express online account or American Express Mobile for your eligible Acc
ount. Qualifying purchases do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents,
 purchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees or any fee owed to us, including 
Annual Membership fees.Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety o
f factors such as your creditworthiness or your credit limit. You will not be ab
le to create plans if your Account is canceled. You will not be able to create p
lans if one or more of your American Express accounts is enrolled into a debt ma
nagement program, or has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is delinquent. Th
e number of active plans and plan durations offered to you will be at our discre
tion and will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, th
e purchase amount, and your Account history.Plan It is available to Credit Card 
accounts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Only the Basic
 Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Account can select a qualif
ying purchase for Plan It. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Charge C
ards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards an
d American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial in
stitutions are not eligible.Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you fo
r eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. C
overage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a max
imum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of pu
rchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items
 are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot 
be returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain p
urchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items,
 computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases mus
t be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto R
ico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Ma
rshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to
 send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shi
pping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditio
ns and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterm
s.Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch h
otline that can send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situa
tion. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, th
e Card Member will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator o
r locksmith can provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, f
lat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key 
is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available wh
en traveling within the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puer
to Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with th
e eligible vehicle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehic
les, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000
 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to
 provide you with coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weat
her or on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout s
ervice may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additio
nal important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, c
all 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.ShopRunnerShopRunner Benefit
 Terms and Conditions Enrolling in the Benefit. To get the free ShopRunner membe
rship benefit compliments of American Express (the "benefit"), you must go to ww
w.shoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify your eligibility for the benefit wit
h an eligible Card account number and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner
 membership account ("ShopRunner account"). For details on how the ShopRunner me
mbership works, please see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.sh
oprunner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use of your ShopRunner membership benefi
t. You may also be able to enroll in this benefit through access provided to Sho
pRunner at participating online stores or through an email provided by American 
Express if it has determined that you have an eligible Card. An "eligible Card" 
means an American Express U.S. Consumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card 
that is not cancelled and that is issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of 
American Express. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards a
nd American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial i
nstitutions are not eligible. ShopRunner will verify with American Express the e
ligibility of your Credit or Charge Card account number for the benefit. Maintai
ning the Benefit. To maintain this benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must 
maintain an eligible Card. The benefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner accou
nt if you do not have an eligible Card. You can maintain only one benefit per el
igible Card. During your enrollment in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Expr
ess will verify your benefit eligibility. Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Membe
rships. If you enroll in the benefit and sign up with an existing ShopRunner acc
ount, ShopRunner will cancel the term of your existing ShopRunner account. If yo
u paid a fee for any unused portion of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRun
ner will provide you with a pro rata refund for that portion in accordance with 
ShopRunner's refund policy. The refund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after 
enrollment and will be issued to the payment method you used to pay the fee. If 
a portion of the cancelled term of membership was promotional or free, the free 
period will be cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by you. If you currently ha
ve a free or promotional membership on your ShopRunner account, you should consi
der whether to enroll in the benefit at this time.General Terms. An eligible Car
d can be used to verify eligibility for only one benefit enrollment. American Ex
press may receive and use your personal data from ShopRunner, which may include 
personally identifiable information and Credit Card information, to determine el
igibility and further develop features and services related to the benefit. Amer
ican Express may send you emails regarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any 
information American Express collects from you or from ShopRunner shall be gover
ned by the American Express Online Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpres
s.com/privacy). American Express may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminat
e this benefit at any time. You can review these Terms and Conditions at any tim
e by visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.The American Express Auto P
urchasing Program DisclosureFor a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings rep
resents the amount that a Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the
 MSRP on any in-stock vehicle that is the same make, model, and trim as your Con
figured Vehicle. The Guaranteed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is based on 
a vehicle without factory or dealer installed options and includes generally ava
ilable manufacturer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings 
represents the amount that the Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save of
f the MSRP of the vehicle with the specific VIN listed and includes savings on f
actory-installed options. If you change your vehicle or the optional features, i
t will change your savings. For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.truec
ar.com.Year-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in Janua
ry, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31
st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information
 on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideCar Rental Loss and Dam
age InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assura
nce Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX09
25-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Pl
an is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam unde
r Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American S
amoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor O
utlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions
 of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. T
his document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for t
he first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Cove
rage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent 
out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off-r
oad vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditi
ons. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benef
its not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides colli
sion damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to 
you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages 
to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpres
s.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assu
rance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX
0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Pla
n is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under
 Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Sa
moa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor O
utlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions
 of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. T
his document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can ex
tend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five yea
rs or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufac
turer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year if th
e original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping 
and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are 
not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disa
ster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important 
exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your elig
ible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; no
t to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be re
quired to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for
 that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWte
rms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Com
pany, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, 
Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is unde
rwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy C
RCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Fede
rated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Is
lands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Po
licies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This docume
nt does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for th
e purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items l
ost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and 
their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions 
apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card;
 coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card
 Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased ite
m to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This produc
t provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by 
any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see american
express.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underw
ritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Polic
y AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of
 GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, 
Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not available to residents o
f American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and th
e US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, an
d exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change wi
th notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covere
d, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, trai
n, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost f
or a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card
 Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membersh
ip Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fa
re. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from an
other program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Pleas
e read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligibl
e for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card 
that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americane
xpress.com/TAIterms.