Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGE
SAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases17.24% to 26.24%, based on your credi
tworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening. This
 APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers
17.24% to  26.24% APR on balance transfers requested within 60 days of account o
pening based on your creditworthiness and other factors.This APR will vary with 
the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary
 with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When it Applies29.99%Th
is APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied
 to new transactions on your account if:1) you make one or more late payments; o
r2) your payment is returned by your bankWe may also consider your creditworthin
ess in determining whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.How L
ong Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for
 at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR 
is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made tim
ely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.Payin
g InterestYour due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing peri
od. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your enti
re balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) 
by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance tr
ansfers on the transaction date.Plan Fee  (Fixed Finance Charge) Up to 1.17% of 
each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would o
therwise apply to the purchase and other factors.For Credit Card Tips from the C
onsumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmoreFeesAnnual Members
hip Fee$95Transaction Fees Cash AdvanceEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each cas
h advance, whichever is greater.Foreign TransactionNonePenalty Fees Late Payment
Up to $38Returned PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneHow We Will Calculate Your Balanc
e: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."Loss
 of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR
 if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Pay
ment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%. Variable APRs fo
r each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street J
ournal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may no
t publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate
 from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable A
PRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Min
imum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable
 APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are a
ccurate as of 03/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreeme
nt.By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in y
our name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or ov
er may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.You promise
 that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize
 us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting age
ncies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information
 we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as perm
itted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer repo
rt and the name and address of the agency that provided it. When you use your Ac
count (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agre
ement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbit
ration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the
 account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class act
ion or similar proceeding.  We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to a
pplicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive
 environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we w
ill tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot c
hange certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership. Additional Ca
rds: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your 
Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsible f
or all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to u
se your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to giv
e Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with 
them. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obt
ain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an acco
unt, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will
 allow us to verify your identity. Balance Transfers: Only balance transfers fro
m accounts in your name requested within 60 days from the date of account openin
g will be approved. We will charge your Card account for the total approved amou
nt of all balance transfers. No transfer will be processed if: (1) any requested
 transfer is less than $100; (2) the total amount of all requested transfers exc
eeds the lesser of $7,500 or 75% of your credit limit; or (3) charging the reque
sted transfers to your Card account would cause your total account balance to ex
ceed your credit limit. We will not initiate any balance transfer until at least
 ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card Member Agreement t
o you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a balance transfer
. Please be sure to make all required payments on any account from which you are
 transferring a balance until the balance transfer is credited to that account. 
You authorize us to verify the balance of such accounts. You may not transfer ba
lances from any account issued by American Express or any of its affiliates. Add
itional Card Members may not request or authorize balance transfers. Your balanc
e transfer request may be declined if any of your American Express accounts are 
not in good standing. Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any
 marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wiscons
in's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, pr
ior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agre
ement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree. 
 New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Departmen
t of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information o
n comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Departm
ent of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govNotice to California R
esidents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.Cash advanc
e at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obt
ain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advan
ces by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.Notice to De
laware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will b
e charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon Resi
dents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged o
n the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimu
m payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to Ohi
o Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors mak
e credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit repor
ting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request
. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.The Hilt
on Honors American Express Ascend Card is issued by an American Express National
 Bank ©2018 American Express. All rights reserved ©2018 Hilton.POID G9AX:0002OFF
ER TERMSWelcome bonus offer not available to applicants who have or have had thi
s product or the Hilton Honors Surpass Card.100,000 Hilton Honors Bonus PointsYo
u can earn 75,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points after you make eligible purchases w
ith your Hilton Honors Ascend Credit Card that total $2,000 or more (the "Thresh
old Amount") within your first 3 months of Card Membership, starting from the da
te of your Card approval. You can earn an extra 25,000 Bonus Points (for a total
 of 100,000 Bonus Points) after you make an additional $1,000 in eligible purcha
ses with your Card (for a total of $3,000 in eligible purchases) within your fir
st 6 months of Card Membership, starting from the date of your Card approval. Bo
nus Points will be credited to your Hilton Honors account 6-8 weeks after each T
hreshold Amount has been met. If we in our sole discretion determine that you ha
ve engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome bonus offe
r in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or
 more cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer(s) that we did not intend for you; i
f you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or i
f you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may 
not credit Bonus Points to your account. We may also cancel this Card account an
d other Card accounts you may have with us. Eligible purchases to meet the Thres
hold Amount for this offer include those made by both Basic and Additional Card 
Members on the Card Account. Eligible Purchases are purchases for goods and serv
ices minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases to meet the Threshold A
mount do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers (balance transf
ers are not available on the Hilton Honors Business Card), cash advances, purcha
ses of traveler's checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of 
gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of any cash equivalents. Add
itional Card Members on your account are not eligible for this offer. To receive
 Bonus Points, your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of
 fulfillment. For questions regarding your Card account, please call the number 
on the back of your Card. American Express reserves the right to modify or revok
e offer at any time.To qualify for the 75,000 bonus points, you must make purcha
ses with your Hilton Honors Ascend Credit Card that total $2,000 or more within 
your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is ap
proved. If you qualify for the first 75,000 bonus points, you can earn an additi
onal 25,000 bonus points (for a total of 100,000 bonus points), after you use yo
ur Card to make an additional $1,000 in purchases (for a total of $3,000 in purc
hases) by the end of your first 6 months of Card Membership, starting from the d
ate your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $2,000 may
 be shorter than 3 months, and your period to spend the additional $1,000 may be
 shorter than 6 months, if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purcha
ses may fall outside of the 3 or 6 month periods in some cases, such as a delay 
in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from 
the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the pu
rchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Points will be credited to y
our account 6-8 weeks after you meet each spend requirement.BENEFIT TERMSThe fol
lowing benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.Account Manag
erAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address
 and Social Security Number.American Express Presale(s)During the specified sale
s period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Member
s(including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an 
American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard serv
ice charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available
 and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may 
be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. So
me events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Amex Mobile ap
pThe Amex® Mobile app and app features are available only for eligible Card acco
unts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by n
on-American Express issuers are not eligible.To log in, Card Members must have a
n American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.Amex Mobile app
iOS and Android only. See app store listings for operating system infoDestinatio
n FamilyValid for new bookings made through American Express Travel and eligible
 Travel Associate Platform agencies with participating travel providers: Abercro
mbie &amp; Kent, Royal Caribbean International, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and T
ravel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider. Payment must be made with an Amer
ican Express Card. Program benefits may not be available to residents outside of
 the contiguous United States. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Limi
t one benefit package per booking. May not be combined with other offers unless 
indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits are subject to change. Benefits lis
ted are non- transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for c
ash or credit. Available to all U.S. American Express Corporate, Consumer, OPEN 
and Prepaid Cards.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Me
mber's favor.Drive Off With Savings &amp; Hilton Honors Bonus PointsA qualifying
 rental must meet the following: The Primary Driver's Hilton Honors number must 
be provided at time of reservation. The name of the member associated with the H
ilton Honors number provided must match the Primary Driver's name on the rental 
to qualify for mileage awards. Only one Hilton Honors member per car rental will
 be credited with points. Special contracted corporate or promotional rates such
 as employee, net tour, travel agent, group, wholesale or package rates, crew, i
nsurance/dealer replacement or other or non-revenue rentals do not qualify for p
oints. Multiple rentals that encompass different cars on the same or consecutive
 days from the same location shall be counted as a single qualifying rental even
 if the member checks the car in and back out during the same period.Entertainme
nt Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, ticke
ts are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (including Pr
epaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Expre
ss Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges ap
ply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout 
dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or 
revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may 
not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Global Assist® HotlineWhile 
Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no ad
ditional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the cost
s charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see a
mericanexpress.com/GAterms.Hilton Honors Bonus Points on Eligible PurchasesHilto
n Honors Bonus Points earned using your Hilton Honors American Express Ascend Ca
rd: You will receive 3 Hilton Honors Bonus Points for each dollar of eligible pu
rchases. You will receive 9 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points, for a total o
f 12, for each dollar of eligible purchases charged directly with a property wit
hin the Hilton portfolio, including bookings and incidental charges. To receive 
the 9 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points for charges made at the time of book
ing, the booking must be made directly through a reservation channel operated by
 Hilton. You can receive the 9 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points for inciden
tal charges made at the hotel (including charges made at restaurants, spas, and 
other establishments) if those charges can be and are charged to your room and p
aid for with your Hilton Honors American Express Ascend Card at checkout. You wi
ll receive 3 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points, for a total of 6, for each d
ollar of eligible purchases at the following categories of merchants excluding s
uperstores and warehouse clubs: restaurants located in the U.S., supermarkets lo
cated in the U.S. and on gasoline at gas stations located in the U.S. To get add
itional points for a restaurant purchase, the purchase must be at a restaurant l
ocated in the United States. You will NOT get additional points for purchases ma
de at a restaurant owned by a U.S. company but located outside the U.S. (e.g. Ha
rd Rock Café in Paris). You also will NOT get additional points for purchases at
 nightclubs, convenience stores, grocery stores, or supermarkets. You may not ge
t additional points for purchases at a restaurant located within another establi
shment (e.g. a restaurant inside a hotel, casino, or event venue). For example, 
purchases made at a restaurant located within a hotel may be recognized as a pur
chase at a hotel, not a restaurant. Your Hilton Honors Points are subject to Hil
ton Honors Terms and Conditions; see HiltonHonors.com/Terms. Eligible purchases 
are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible p
urchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advanc
es, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or p
urchases of other cash equivalents. Hilton Honors Bonus Points you earn with you
r Card will be posted to your Hilton Honors account 6 to 8 weeks after the end o
f your billing period. Purchases made through a third-party payment account or o
n an online marketplace (with multiple retailers) will not receive additional po
ints. Merchants are typically assigned codes and categorized based on what they 
primarily sell. A purchase will not receive additional points if a merchant, or 
a particular merchant location, uses a code that is not eligible for additional 
points. A purchase may not receive additional points if the merchant submits the
 purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digit
al wallet. Please visit americanexpress.com/rewards-info for more information ab
out rewards.Hilton Honors Complimentary Gold StatusYou will receive complimentar
y Hilton Honors Gold status with your Hilton Honors American Express Ascend Card
. Complimentary Gold status benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member. 
If your Hilton Honors American Express Ascend Card is cancelled for any reason, 
your complimentary Hilton Honors Gold status provided with the Card will be canc
elled. American Express reserves the right to change, modify or revoke complimen
tary Gold status at any time. If your complimentary Gold status is cancelled, yo
u may be able to maintain your Gold status by qualifying under the Hilton Honors
 Program terms. Gold status benefits are subject to availability and vary by hot
el. For more information on Gold status benefits or how to maintain Gold status 
each year with qualifying stays, nights or Hilton Honors Base Points through the
 Hilton Honors Program, and for complete Terms and Conditions, visit HiltonHonor
s.com/MemberBenefits.Hilton Honors Program &amp; CopyrightHilton Honors membersh
ip, earning and redemption of Points are subject to Hilton Honors Terms &amp; Co
nditions. Excludes Hampton by Hilton Hotels in Mainland China. © 2018 HiltonHilt
on Honors and all trademarks of the Hilton Portfolio are owned by Hilton Domesti
c Operating Company Inc. or its subsidiaries.Hilton Honors Upgrade to Diamond St
atusYou may receive an upgrade to Hilton Honors Diamond status if the total elig
ible purchases on your Card Account during a calendar year reach $40,000 or more
. A calendar year is from January 1 to December 31 regardless of when you open y
our Card Account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus 
returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest ch
arges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchase
s or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. This up
grade to Diamond status benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member; howe
ver, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Members will contribute to the p
urchase requirement. It will take about 10-12 weeks after the total eligible pur
chases level is reached for your Hilton Honors Diamond status to become effectiv
e. Your upgrade to Hilton Honors Diamond status is valid for the calendar year i
n which it was earned and the subsequent calendar year. Your Diamond status will
 expire after that subsequent calendar year unless your total eligible purchases
 in that subsequent calendar year again qualifies you for Diamond status, or if 
you qualify for Diamond status under the Hilton Honors program terms. For more i
nformation on Diamond status benefits or how to maintain your Diamond status eac
h year with qualifying stays, nights or Hilton Honors Base Points through the Hi
lton Honors Program, and for complete Terms and Conditions, visit HiltonHonors.c
om/MemberBenefits.Instant Card NumberInstant Card Number eligibility is based on
 our ability to instantly validate your identity. If you are eligible for Instan
t Card Number, you will receive an instant account number that you can use virtu
ally anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical card will not be requi
red. You may not have access to your full credit line to use anywhere the Card i
s accepted until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail y
our card in 3-5 business days of account approval.No Foreign Transaction FeesAme
rican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you m
ake outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumsta
nces where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.Pay ItPay ItSM
 is only available in the American Express Mobile app for your eligible Account.
 With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a billed
 purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to that bill
ed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we apply paym
ents.Your account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or Addit
ional Card Member of a Credit Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary o
f American Express that is not cancelled. Prepaid Cards and products, American E
xpress Charge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Bu
siness Cards and American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by oth
er financial institutions are not eligible.Plan ItPlan ItSM allows you to create
 up to 10 active payment plans for qualifying purchases of $100 or more, subject
 to a plan fee. This fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged each mon
th that a plan is active.You may use this feature by selecting a qualifying purc
hase and a plan duration. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your Americ
an Express online account or American Express Mobile for your eligible Account. 
Qualifying purchases do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents, purch
ases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees or any fee owed to us, including Annual
 Membership fees.Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety of fact
ors such as your creditworthiness or your credit limit. You will not be able to 
create plans if your Account is canceled. You will not be able to create plans i
f one or more of your American Express accounts is enrolled into a debt manageme
nt program, or has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is delinquent. The numb
er of active plans and plan durations offered to you will be at our discretion a
nd will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, the purc
hase amount, and your Account history.Plan It is available to Credit Card accoun
ts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Only the Basic Card 
Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Account can select a qualifying p
urchase for Plan It. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Charge Cards, 
American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and Amer
ican Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institut
ions are not eligible.Priority Pass SelectThese Terms and Conditions govern Hilt
on Honors American Express Ascend Card Members' participation in and use of the 
Priority Pass™ Select program. Priority Pass is an independent airport lounge ac
cess program. By enrolling in Priority Pass Select, you agree that you will be r
esponsible for payment for any visits by you or your guests after your 10 compli
mentary lounge visits are used. After your 10 complimentary lounge visits are us
ed, you will be charged $27 per visit for any additional visits by you and your 
accompanying guests during the remainder of the calendar year. Your Hilton Honor
s American Express Ascend Card will be automatically charged $27 for each additi
onal visit after those visits have been reported to Priority Pass by the partici
pating lounge. Some lounges do not admit guests. Additionally, you acknowledge a
nd agree that American Express will verify your Card Account number and provide 
updated Card Account information to Priority Pass. Priority Pass will use this i
nformation to fulfill on the Priority Pass Select program and may use this infor
mation for marketing related to the program. Once enrolled, Hilton Honors Americ
an Express Ascend Card Members whose Card Account is not cancelled may access pa
rticipating Priority Pass Select lounges by presenting your Priority Pass Select
 card and airline boarding pass. In some lounges, Priority Pass Select member mu
st be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Priority Pass Selec
t members must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. Amenities may
 vary among airport lounge locations. Conference rooms, where available, may be 
reserved for a nominal fee. Priority Pass Select lounge partners and locations a
re subject to change. All Priority Pass Select members must adhere to the Priori
ty Pass Conditions of Use, which will be sent to you with your membership packag
e, and can be viewed at www.prioritypass.com. Upon receipt of your enrollment in
formation, Priority Pass will send your Priority Pass Select card and membership
 package which you should receive within 10-14 business days. If you have not re
ceived the Priority Pass card after 14 days, please contact American Express usi
ng the number on the back of your American Express® Card.Priority Pass SelectPri
ority Pass Select membership provides access to airport lounges participating in
 the Priority Pass Select program. You must enroll your Hilton Honors American E
xpress Ascend Card in the Priority Pass™ Select program to access the benefits. 
Once enrolled, you will receive your Priority Pass Select card directly from Pri
ority Pass within 10-14 business days. There is no membership fee with your Hilt
on Honors American Express Ascend Card. With your Hilton Honors American Express
 Ascend Card you will receive 10 complimentary lounge visits every calendar year
. Once your 10 complimentary lounge visits are used, all subsequent lounge visit
s during the remainder of the same calendar year are subject to a fee of U.S. $2
7 per person per visit, which will be automatically charged to your Card. To che
ck on your remaining complimentary visit balance, please contact Priority Pass d
irectly. Any unused complimentary lounge visits will be forfeited at the end of 
each calendar year. Priority Pass Select membership automatically renews on the 
anniversary date of your enrollment in the Priority Pass Select program. Priorit
y Pass membership may be cancelled by American Express if your Card is cancelled
. Priority Pass Select lounge partners and locations are subject to change. To a
ccess a lounge, you must show your valid Priority Pass Select card and an airlin
e ticket for travel on the same day for you and each of your guests. This benefi
t is limited to the Basic Card Member. Additional Card Members are not eligible 
for this benefit, however, a complimentary visit may be applied to a guest visit
, including for Additional Card Members. If you have no complimentary visits ava
ilable, the Basic Card Member and each guest will be charged $27 per person, per
 visit. In some lounges, Priority Pass Select member must be 21 years of age to 
enter without a parent or guardian. Amenities may vary among airport lounge loca
tions. Lounge fees and rules of participating lounges are subject to change. Pri
ority Pass Select membership is subject to the Priority Pass Conditions of Use. 
For complete Priority Pass terms and conditions and a listing of participating l
ounges, please visit www.prioritypass.com/select.Return ProtectionReturn Protect
ion can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible Amer
ican Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per
 item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year ba
sed on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will n
ot be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase conditio
n and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were originally
 purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicl
es, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions
 apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the District 
of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated Sta
tes of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. Y
ou may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimb
urse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional impo
rtant terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see ameri
canexpress.com/RPterms.Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is
 a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow operator or locksmith to assist 
in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available at no 
additional charge, the Card Member will be charged for any services or goods pro
vided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the following services: towing, win
ching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lock
out service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Serv
ices are available when traveling within the 50 United States, the District of C
olumbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Memb
er is present with the eligible vehicle. This product does not cover some vehicl
es, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors a
nd trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply
. We may be unable to provide you with coordination and assistance services in c
ase of inclement weather or on roadways which restrict access to certain service
 providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder key
s. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Te
rms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.ShopRun
nerShopRunner Benefit Terms and Conditions Enrolling in the Benefit. To get the 
free ShopRunner membership benefit compliments of American Express (the "benefit
"), you must go to www.shoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify your eligibilit
y for the benefit with an eligible Card account number and then complete the sig
n up for a ShopRunner membership account ("ShopRunner account"). For details on 
how the ShopRunner membership works, please see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditi
ons at https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use of your ShopRun
ner membership benefit. You may also be able to enroll in this benefit through a
ccess provided to ShopRunner at participating online stores or through an email 
provided by American Express if it has determined that you have an eligible Card
. An "eligible Card" means an American Express U.S. Consumer or Small Business C
redit or Charge Card that is not cancelled and that is issued to you by a U.S. b
anking subsidiary of American Express. Prepaid Cards and products, American Expr
ess Corporate Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued
 by other financial institutions are not eligible. ShopRunner will verify with A
merican Express the eligibility of your Credit or Charge Card account number for
 the benefit. Maintaining the Benefit. To maintain this benefit on your ShopRunn
er account, you must maintain an eligible Card. The benefit may be cancelled on 
your ShopRunner account if you do not have an eligible Card. You can maintain on
ly one benefit per eligible Card. During your enrollment in the benefit, ShopRun
ner and American Express will verify your benefit eligibility. Treatment of Exis
ting ShopRunner Memberships. If you enroll in the benefit and sign up with an ex
isting ShopRunner account, ShopRunner will cancel the term of your existing Shop
Runner account. If you paid a fee for any unused portion of the cancelled term o
f membership, ShopRunner will provide you with a pro rata refund for that portio
n in accordance with ShopRunner's refund policy. The refund will be processed wi
thin 2-4 weeks after enrollment and will be issued to the payment method you use
d to pay the fee. If a portion of the cancelled term of membership was promotion
al or free, the free period will be cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by you
. If you currently have a free or promotional membership on your ShopRunner acco
unt, you should consider whether to enroll in the benefit at this time.General T
erms. An eligible Card can be used to verify eligibility for only one benefit en
rollment. American Express may receive and use your personal data from ShopRunne
r, which may include personally identifiable information and Credit Card informa
tion, to determine eligibility and further develop features and services related
 to the benefit. American Express may send you emails regarding your enrollment 
in this benefit. Any information American Express collects from you or from Shop
Runner shall be governed by the American Express Online Privacy Statement (https
://www.americanexpress.com/privacy). American Express may change, modify, cancel
, revoke, or terminate this benefit at any time. You can review these Terms and 
Conditions at any time by visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.Spendi
ng LimitsWhen you request that we apply a limit as described below on Charges in
curred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. T
hese terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your
 Card Member Agreement.At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the tot
al dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are charged to C
ard numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on you
r Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar am
ount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are m
ade using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Mem
bers on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that t
he Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash access transact
ions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not take into acc
ount any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a c
redit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that
 we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any C
harges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the da
te during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject to the li
mit for that billing period.Because of systems or administrative considerations,
 arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not
 required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively
, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges
 without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are
 not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charge
s and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typi
cally require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit fina
l transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not appl
y or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any re
ason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final
 charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted 
or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may i
nclude, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free s
tores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Pur
chases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation peri
od; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchas
es at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incurred with 
calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in
 connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and 
other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if th
e Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period
. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers
 cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.The Spending L
imit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set 
on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Ba
sic Card Member's account terms and conditions.The American Express Auto Purchas
ing Program DisclosureFor a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represent
s the amount that a Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP 
on any in-stock vehicle that is the same make, model, and trim as your Configure
d Vehicle. The Guaranteed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is based on a vehi
cle without factory or dealer installed options and includes generally available
 manufacturer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings repres
ents the amount that the Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the 
MSRP of the vehicle with the specific VIN listed and includes savings on factory
-installed options. If you change your vehicle or the optional features, it will
 change your savings. For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.truecar.com
.Weekend Night Reward from Hilton HonorsIf, in any calendar year of Card Members
hip, your total eligible purchases on your Hilton Honors Ascend account reach $1
5,000, you will receive a Weekend Night Reward from Hilton Honors. The Weekend N
ight Reward will be issued in the form of a redeemable code and sent to you in a
n email from Hilton Honors to the email address listed on your Hilton Honors acc
ount. You will receive the reward email within 8-12 weeks after you have met the
 purchase requirement. This benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member; 
however, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Members will contribute to t
he purchase requirement. Eligible purchases to meet the purchase requirement are
 for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do N
OT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases
 of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift
 cards, person-to-person payments, or other cash equivalents. If you transfer to
 a different Hilton Honors American Express card, only the eligible purchases yo
u make on the new Card will count towards the new card's Weekend Night Reward pu
rchase requirement. Any eligible purchases you made on your old card will not co
unt toward the new card's Weekend Night Reward purchase requirement. The Weekend
 Night Reward can be redeemed for one weekend night standard accommodation, doub
le occupancy, subject to availability, at properties in the Hilton portfolio, ex
cluding those listed at HiltonHonors.com/weekendreward. A weekend night is defin
ed as Friday, Saturday or Sunday night. To redeem the Weekend Night Reward, Card
 Members must call 1-800-446-6677 and mention the code provided by Hilton Honors
. A Weekend Night Reward expires within one year from the date of issuance and m
ust be redeemed on or before the expiration date. A Weekend Night Reward will be
 forfeited if not redeemed on or before the expiration date. To ensure receipt o
f the reward e-mail notification, you should confirm the correct email address i
s listed on your Hilton Honors account profile. You can also check your Hilton H
onors account for the status of any Weekend Night Rewards issued to you (includi
ng the expiration date) by calling 1-800-446-6677. This Reward is not transferab
le and may not be redeemed for cash or Hilton Honors Points. A Weekend Night Rew
ard may be combined with other Hilton or Free Night promotions in market and may
 be added to existing paid or Reward stays. A Weekend Night Reward includes all 
applicable taxes; however, the Card Member may be responsible for payment of add
itional mandatory resort fees at participating Hilton Resorts where resort fees 
are applicable, and is responsible for all incidental charges. Weekend Night Rew
ard redemptions may be cancelled pursuant to the Weekend Night Reward cancellati
on policy on the Hilton Honors Program website (hiltonhonors.com).Year-End Summa
ryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges 
posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.
AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on policy terms, go 
to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan
 is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ u
nder Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For r
esidents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insuranc
e Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not availab
le to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Isla
nds, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the term
s, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is sub
ject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Pol
icies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrie
r (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means t
he full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic
 or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with Americ
an Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points progra
m for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer mile
s or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will no
t be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligi
ble benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggag
e, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full 
Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Rental Loss and Damag
e InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assuranc
e Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925
-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan
 is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under 
Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Sam
oa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Out
lying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions o
f the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. Thi
s document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the
 first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Covera
ge is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent ou
t their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off-roa
d vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Condition
s. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefit
s not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collisi
on damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to yo
u, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to
 other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.
com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assura
nce Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX09
53-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan 
is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under P
olicy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samo
a, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Out
lying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions o
f the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. Thi
s document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can exte
nd the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years
 or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufactu
rer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year if the 
original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping an
d handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are no
t covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disast
er, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important ex
clusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligib
le Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not 
to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be requ
ired to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for t
hat shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterm
s.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Compa
ny, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Po
licy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underw
ritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRC
B000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federa
ted States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Isla
nds. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Poli
cies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document
 does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the 
purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items los
t by Card Member, consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and th
eir parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions ap
ply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; c
overage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card M
ember account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item 
to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product 
provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by an
y primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanex
press.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwri
tten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy 
AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of G
U and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Ha
gatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not available to residents of 
American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the 
US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and 
exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with
 notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered,
 you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train,
 ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for
 a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card M
ember's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership
 Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare
. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from anot
her program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please 
read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible 
for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card th
at maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexp
ress.com/TAIterms.