Payment Information
For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore



Fees
Annual Membership Fee

$0 for the first year, then $95


Transaction Fees

 

Foreign Transaction
2.7% of each transaction after conversion to US dollars.

Penalty Fees

 

Late Payment
Up to $38

Returned Payment
Up to $38



 TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement.
By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. 

You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.
 When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. 
 We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership.
 Additional Cards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with them.
 Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.
  Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree. 
 Notice to California Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.


Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
 Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.
 Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.

The American Express Green Card is issued by an American Express bank. ©2018  American Express. All rights reserved.


POID CF7D:0001

OFFER TERMS
Annual FeeThe American Express® Green Card will have a $0 introductory annual fee for the first year of Card Membership. Also, if you add an Additional Card to your account at the time of application, you will not be charged an annual fee during the first year of the Card account for such Additional Card and any other Additional Cards up to 5 in total. After the first year, the annual fee for the Basic Card will be $95 and the annual fee for the Additional Cards will be $30 for up to 5 Additional Cards. If you add an Additional Card to your account following your Basic Card application, you will be charged an annual fee of $30 for up to 5 Additional Cards. The annual fee for 6 or more Additional Cards is $30 for each Card.

BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.
Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.

American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members(including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

Amex Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app features are available only for eligible Card accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.To log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.

Amex Mobile appiOS and Android only. See app store listings for operating system info

Destination FamilyValid for new bookings made through American Express Travel and eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies with participating travel providers: Abercrombie & Kent, Royal Caribbean International, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider. Payment must be made with an American Express Card. Program benefits may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit package per booking. May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits are subject to change. Benefits listed are non- transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. Available to all U.S. American Express Corporate, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.

Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.

Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

Extra Membership Rewards® points at amextravel.com2x PointsMembership Rewards-enrolled Card Members get at least 1 Membership Rewards® point for every eligible dollar spent on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card. Those same Card Members will also get at least 1 additional point for each dollar of eligible travel purchases made on amextravel.com on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express Card. Eligible travel purchases include all travel purchases made with your Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card on amextravel.com, including air, prepaid hotels, vacation packages (flight + hotel packages) or cruise reservations, minus returns and other credits. Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members are only eligible for 1 additional point on cruise reservations. Eligible travel purchases do NOT include car reservations, non-prepaid hotels, ticketing service or other fees, or interest charges. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase categories or in connection with promotions or offers from American Express may not be combined with this offer, such as 5X bonuses for Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members. Any portion of a charge that you elect to cover through redemption of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to receive points. If you have an Amex EveryDay Card product, additional points awarded under this offer will not be included in the extra points benefit. Additional points will be credited to the Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after final payment is made.

Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.

Instant Card NumberInstant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly validate your identity. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an instant account number that you can use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical card will not be required. You may not have access to your full credit line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 business days of account approval.

Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guaranteed" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, and (4) rates booked through the FINE HOTELS & RESORTS program. Details

Membership Rewards® Pay With PointsTo use Pay with Points, you must charge your eligible purchase through American Express Travel to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Card. Eligible purchases through American Express Travel exclude car reservations and non-prepaid hotels. Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card account used. If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price will remain on the American Express Card account. Minimum redemption 5,000 points.See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and conditions.If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Linked Account the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead the statement credit may be applied to your Pay in Full balance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by calling the number on the back of your Card.

Membership Rewards® ProgramTerms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice. The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.

Membership Rewards® Program - Transfer Points (Domestic Airlines)Enrollment in a participating Frequent Flyer program is required. Airline tickets are subject to availability. For each conversion of points into the Frequent Flyer program of a U.S. airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee of $99, will be charged to your Card account. We charge this fee to offset the federal excise tax we must pay on such conversions. The fee may be more or less than the actual amount of the excise tax we pay on any individual conversion. We may offer you the option to redeem points to cover this fee.

No Interest ChargesIf you become eligible, you may be given the option to extend payment over time on certain charges using our Pay Over Time feature. If you use this feature, you may accrue interest on any charges you choose to pay over time.

No Preset Spending LimitNo preset spending limit does not mean unlimited spending. Purchasing power adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record and financial resources known to us, and other factors.

Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.

Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling within the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weather or on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.

Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.

Shop Small® MapOnly qualifying American Express Card accepting small merchants will be featured on the map. Please note that business location and other information provided on the map may contain inaccuracies or errors, including as a result of information provided by third parties. The data on this map is constantly being updated, please continually check back for updates.

Shop with Membership Rewards PointsWelcome. If you use points for products through membershiprewards.com, you accept these Conditions of Use. Please read them carefully.When using points for products through membershiprewards.com you are purchasing directly from a merchant, not from American Express. Participating merchants determine (i) product prices and availability, (ii) offers, promotions and applicable restrictions, (iii) estimated shipping and (iv) estimated tax, all of which are subject to change and are only confirmed in the order confirmation email sent by the merchant.USE OF THIS SITEYou agree to use this site for lawful purposes only. American Express reserves the right to interrupt or restrict your access to this site, without notice to you, if we suspect fraudulent or abusive activity. American Express uses commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the security of this site; however, you acknowledge and agree that there is no guarantee of absolute security of information that is communicated over the Internet.USE OF MEMBERSHIP REWARDS POINTSFor accounts that qualify, Membership Rewards points will be deducted for the purchase amount displayed at checkout; such amount includes estimated tax and estimated shipping/handling charges. A debit for the purchase, including actual tax and actual shipping/handling charges, will be issued by the participating merchant and a credit for the purchase amount displayed at checkout, will be issued to the Card account selected during checkout. Please note: The debit and the credit may not appear on the same statement. If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Card account the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by calling the number on the back of your Card.Permitted returns of merchandise may result in a credit on your Card account. You can convert this credit back into points by calling Membership Rewards.The following Membership Rewards enrollees are not eligible to use points to purchase products through membershiprewards.com: • Membership Rewards enrollees with any account that is canceled, past due or has a return payment outstanding.REJECTED ORDERSIf we are unable to place your order with the participating merchant you have selected, your order will be cancelled. If this occurs, you will receive an email notifying you of the order cancelation. If you have an active Membership Rewards program account, the points associated with the cancelled order will be returned to your program account. As a result, the Card account you selected at checkout will have both a statement credit and a reversal of that statement credit for the dollar amount associated with the points you redeemed for the cancelled order. If you have an inactive program account, the points you redeemed for the cancelled order will not be returned to your program account and you will have a statement credit for the dollar amount associated with the points you redeemed for the cancelled order on the Card account you selected at checkout.PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONSYou acknowledge that participating merchants provide their own product descriptions. American Express does not warrant that such product descriptions of the site are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.CONFIRMING PRICESThe price for the items in your Shopping Cart reflects the most recent price provided to American Express by the merchant. Please note that this price may differ from the price shown for the item when you first placed it in your cart. If during order placement with the merchant, an item's price is higher than the price indicated at checkout on the site we will cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. However, if the shipping or tax charges are higher than the estimates indicated on the site, we will proceed with and place your orderSHIPPINGShipping fees, policies and limitations are determined by the merchant, and shipping fees are only confirmed in the order confirmation email sent by the merchant. Please note, only a selection of merchants ship to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands, For each participating merchant's full shipping details visit the Store Details and Policies pageWEB SITE RULES AND REGULATIONSAll rules, regulations and disclaimers set forth in the American Express Web Site Rules and Regulations apply to your use of this site, and are incorporated by reference into these Conditions of Use. Please carefully review the Web Site Rules and Regulations.

ShopRunnerShopRunner Benefit Terms and Conditions Enrolling in the Benefit. To get the free ShopRunner membership benefit compliments of American Express (the "benefit"), you must go to www.shoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify your eligibility for the benefit with an eligible Card account number and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner membership account ("ShopRunner account"). For details on how the ShopRunner membership works, please see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use of your ShopRunner membership benefit. You may also be able to enroll in this benefit through access provided to ShopRunner at participating online stores or through an email provided by American Express if it has determined that you have an eligible Card. An "eligible Card" means an American Express U.S. Consumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card that is not cancelled and that is issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible. ShopRunner will verify with American Express the eligibility of your Credit or Charge Card account number for the benefit. Maintaining the Benefit. To maintain this benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must maintain an eligible Card. The benefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner account if you do not have an eligible Card. You can maintain only one benefit per eligible Card. During your enrollment in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Express will verify your benefit eligibility. Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Memberships. If you enroll in the benefit and sign up with an existing ShopRunner account, ShopRunner will cancel the term of your existing ShopRunner account. If you paid a fee for any unused portion of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRunner will provide you with a pro rata refund for that portion in accordance with ShopRunner's refund policy. The refund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after enrollment and will be issued to the payment method you used to pay the fee. If a portion of the cancelled term of membership was promotional or free, the free period will be cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by you. If you currently have a free or promotional membership on your ShopRunner account, you should consider whether to enroll in the benefit at this time.General Terms. An eligible Card can be used to verify eligibility for only one benefit enrollment. American Express may receive and use your personal data from ShopRunner, which may include personally identifiable information and Credit Card information, to determine eligibility and further develop features and services related to the benefit. American Express may send you emails regarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any information American Express collects from you or from ShopRunner shall be governed by the American Express Online Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpress.com/privacy). American Express may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminate this benefit at any time. You can review these Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.

Spending LimitsWhen you request that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreement.At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing period.Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.The Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions.

The American Express Auto Purchasing Program DisclosureFor a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that a Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP on any in-stock vehicle that is the same make, model, and trim as your Configured Vehicle. The Guaranteed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is based on a vehicle without factory or dealer installed options and includes generally available manufacturer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that the Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP of the vehicle with the specific VIN listed and includes savings on factory-installed options. If you change your vehicle or the optional features, it will change your savings. For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.

Using Points for ChargesUsing Points for Your Charges is only available to Basic Consumer and OPEN Card Members enrolled in the U.S. Membership Rewards® program. Additional Card Members, Authorized Additional Card Members, and Corporate Card Members are not eligible. Account managers and Rewards managers may be eligible to use points by calling the number on the back of your Card but are not eligible to use points online. All Linked Card Accounts must not be canceled, past due or have a returned payment outstanding. A minimum of 1,000 Membership Rewards points in your program Account is required and you may use Membership Rewards points only toward the entire amount of an eligible charge. American Express will present the eligible charges you can use points towards, and we may change which charges are eligible at any time without notice. American Express is under no obligation to make charges available for redemption using Membership Rewards points. For each transaction, points will be debited immediately from your Membership Rewards program Account and a credit will be issued to your Linked Card Account for the corresponding dollar amount within 48 hours. Credits processed after the Card Account's statement closing date will appear in the following billing period. You are responsible for payment of the amount due on your Card Account by the due date even after using this feature. To learn about this feature and redeem points online, visit membershiprewards.com/yourcharges.

Year-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.

AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide
Baggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.

Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.

Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.

Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.

Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.


