Blue BusinessSM Plus Credit Card from American ExpressFuel your vision with 2x points‡Earn 2X Membership Rewards® points on everyday business purchases up to $50,000 with no category restrictions‡$0 annual fee‡











Apply♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesBlue BusinessSM Plus Credit Card from American ExpressFuel your vision with 2x points‡Featured Blue BusinessSM Plus Credit Card BenefitsMembership Rewards® PointsEarn points fast with 2X points and no category restrictions, all without an annual fee.‡2X pointson the first $50,000 in purchases each year‡1X pointson purchases thereafter‡Expanded Buying PowerThe expanded buying power above your credit limit* gives you the freedom to tackle business needs as they come up - and the best part about it is that it's automatic, so you don't have to give us a call to set it up.‡*The amount you can spend above your credit limit is not unlimited. It adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record, financial resources known to us, and other factors.

05-membership/dls-icon-point-3x
Created with Sketch.















Over 1.5 million more places in the U.S. started accepting American Express® Cards in 2017.Blue BusinessSM Plus Credit Card  Benefits & DetailsExpense Management Tools to help you track and organize business expenses








Employee CardsThere is no annual fee for additional Employee Blue BusinessSM Plus Credit Cards. Plus, When you add an Additional Employee Card Member to your account, you earn Membership Rewards® points on their eligible purchases in addition to the points you earn on your own Card.‡Account ManagerWhen you designate an Account Manager, you can allow trusted individuals - like an assistant or business partner - to access and manage your Business Card account. So you can trust your Account Manager to get the work done when you can't be there.‡Spend ManagerSMSpend ManagerSM is a feature available to help you manage your Business Card expenses by allowing you to add receipts and notes to your transactions either via desktop or your mobile device.‡Connect to QuickBooks®Enroll in Connect to QuickBooks, automatically transfer your Business Card transactions to your QuickBooks Banking page every day.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help you avoid late payments, spot you of irregular activity, and monitor Employee Card spending.Year-End SummaryAt the start of each year, we provide access to a Year-End Summary of charges so you can review your annual spending. Log into your American Express online account to view an interactive overview of your spending in pie or bar charts, organized by categories like travel and restaurants. You can also download or print your information to help prepare for your taxes and manage your spending.Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.Amex® Mobile AppEasily manage your account, pay your bill, check your balance, view your benefits and more from your mobile phone or tablet.Vendor Pay‡You can make the most out of paying your business bills. Improve your cash flow and take advantage of Card benefits when you use your Card to pay bills with Vendor Pay by Bill.com.Take advantage of Vendor Pay by Bill.com by enrolling your Card. With the Basic plan, there is no monthly fee for the first user. Additional fees may apply based on plan type and number of users.Customer Service and 24/7 support, whenever you need us








Relationship Care® ServiceGet round the clock, world-class customer support from our special brand of Relationship Care® service. Simply call the number on the back of your Card to speak to one of our Customer Care Professionals who are specially trained to understand the needs of small business owners and can provide you with business-savvy support. We are committed to serving your unique needs and helping you unlock the power of your Card.Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎Travel more comfortably knowing you can be covered by the Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎ for eligible lost, damaged, or stolen baggage when you purchase the entire fare for a Common Carrier ticket (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) on your eligible Card. Coverage can be provided for up to $1,250 for carry-on baggage and up to $500 for checked baggage. For New York State residents, there is a $10,000 aggregate maximum limit for all Covered Persons per Covered Trip. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Travel Accident Insurance♦︎Worry less about the unthinkable happening to you on your Covered Trip. If an accident causes your Death, membership can provide added financial security to your beneficiaries. Travel Accident Insurance♦︎ can cover travel by plane, train, ship, or bus when you purchase the entire fare on your eligible Card. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Global Assist® Hotline‡When you travel more than 100 miles from home, you have 24/7 access to medical, legal, financial or other select emergency coordination and assistance services, including medical and legal referrals, assistance with cash wires, passport replacement, missing luggage and more. Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.Roadside Assistance Hotline‡Your car breaks down or blows a tire and you're stranded. Now what? Luckily you're a Card Member. Call the number on the back of your Card for Roadside Assistance Hotline‡. Coordination and assistance with obtaining emergency services like towing, changing a flat, or boosting a battery are a phone call away and you can use your Card to pay. And soon you'll be on your way. Third-party service costs are your responsibility. There are some vehicle exclusions and other important restrictions.Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, you can be covered if your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen when you use your eligible Card to reserve and pay for the entire eligible vehicle rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the rental car counter. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered. Coverage is not available in Australia, Italy, and New Zealand. This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Even More Benefits for Card Members








Extended Warranty♦︎With Extended Warranty♦︎ you can shop with less worry knowing the terms of the original manufacturer’s warranty can be extended up to two additional years*. Applies to warranties of 5 years or less that are eligible in the U.S. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.*For residents of Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands, Your coverage will match the original warranty period for warranties of less than one (1) year or provide one (1) additional year if the warranty is between one (1) and five (5) years.Purchase Protection♦︎When something you buy breaks or is stolen, Purchase Protection♦︎ can have you covered. Use your Card for eligible purchases, and your purchases can be protected from accidental damage or theft for up to 120 days* from the moment you buy them. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.*For residents of New York, Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands coverage duration is 90 days.Dispute ResolutionIf there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement, American Express will work with you to help resolve the issue.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding. With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone. Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.Apply by PhoneApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesApply by PhoneApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & Fees