Blue Business CashTM Card  Benefits & DetailsMore Flexibility over your purchases
Buy Above Your Credit Limit with Expanded Buying Power‡Make business purchases over your credit limit* when you need to with no penalty or enrollments, and still earn cash back on those purchases.
At the end of your billing cycle, the portion above your credit limit is due in full and you still get to choose whether or not to carry the remaining balance with interest.¤ Use Expanded Buying Power to invest in new equipment, replace old equipment, take advantage of bulk and early pay discount, and more.*The amount you can spend above your credit limit is not unlimited.
It adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record, financial resources known to us and other factors.Travel & Transportation perks and protections when you're doing business on the road
Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, you can be covered if your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen when you use your eligible Card to reserve and pay for the entire eligible vehicle rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the rental car counter.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.
Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered.
Coverage is not available in Australia, Italy, and New Zealand.
This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Global Assist® Hotline‡When you travel more than 100 miles from home, you have 24/7 access to medical, legal, financial or other select emergency coordination and assistance services, including medical and legal referrals, assistance with cash wires, passport replacement, missing luggage and more.
Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.Expense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses
Employee CardsThere is $0 annual fee for each Employee Blue Business CashTM Card.
Add Employee Cards to get rewards‡ on employee purchases and stay on top of expenses with spending limits‡, alerts, and summary reports.Account ManagerWhen you designate an Account Manager, you can allow trusted individuals - like an assistant or business partner - to access and manage your Business Card account.
So you can trust your Account Manager to get the work done when you can't be there.‡American Express® Business AppSimplify the way you and your employees manage Business Card receipts with the American Express® Business App.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help you avoid late payments, notify you of irregular activity, and monitor Employee Card spending.Year-End SummaryAt the end of the year, see a complete summary that categorizes your spend by month and purchase type, and helps you track your business expenses down to the last detail.‡Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.American Express® AppEasily manage your account, pay your bill, check your balance, view your benefits and more from your mobile phone or tablet.Vendor Pay by Bill.com‡You can make the most out of paying your business bills.
Improve your cash flow and take advantage of Card benefits when you use your Card to pay bills with Vendor Pay by Bill.com.Take advantage of Vendor Pay by Bill.com by enrolling your Card.
With the Basic plan, there is no monthly fee for the user.
Additional fees may apply based on plan type and number of users.Even More Benefits for Card Members
Extended Warranty♦︎With Extended Warranty♦︎ you can shop with less worry knowing the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty can be extended up to one additional year.
Applies to warranties of 5 years or less that are eligible in the U.S.
Please read import exclusions and restrictions.
*For residents of Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands, Your coverage will match the original warranty period for warranties of less than one (1) year or provide one (1) additional year if the warranty is between one (1) and five (5) years.Purchase Protection♦︎When something you buy breaks or is stolen, Purchase Protection♦︎ can have you covered.
Use your Card for eligible purchases, and your purchases can be protected from accidental damage or theft for up to 90 days from the moment you buy them.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.**For residents of New York, Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands coverage duration is 90 days.Dispute ResolutionWe will work with you to resolve the issue if there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding.
With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone.
Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.