PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO READ IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT RATES, FEES, AND OTHER CO
ST INFORMATION BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION.Important information regardin
g rates, fees, and other cost informationINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGESAnnu
al Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases16.74% (Prime Rate + 11.99%), 18.74% (Prim
e Rate + 13.99%) or 20.74% (Prime Rate + 15.99%), based on your creditworthiness
 as determined at the time of account opening. This APR will vary with the marke
t based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74% (Prime Rate + 21.99%)This 
APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When It Ap
plies29.99% (Prime Rate + 25.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the
 Prime Rate.This APR will apply to your account if:1) You make 2 or more late pa
yments in a 12-month period;2) You do not pay the Minimum Payment due by the clo
sing date of the billing period in which it is due; or3) You make a payment that
 is returned.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied,
 it will apply for a minimum of 12 billing periods in a row, and will continue t
o apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments for
 12 billing periods in a row.Paying InterestYour due date is at least 25 days af
ter the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchas
es if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We will begin char
ging interest on cash advances on the transaction date.FeesAnnual Membership Fee
$0 for the first year, then $95Transaction Fees Cash AdvanceEither $5 or 3% of t
he amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign TransactionNonePena
lty Fees Late PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneReturned Payment$38How We Will Calcul
ate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new p
urchases.)"Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply 
the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 day
s after its Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%.Va
riable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The
 Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street 
Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use 
the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increas
es, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and hav
e a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting chang
es to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Varia
ble APRs are accurate as of 3/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card M
ember Agreement. By submitting this application, you, as an individual and the A
uthorizing Officer of the Company, (a) are requesting us to open an Account in t
he name of the Company, (b) are requesting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, 
(c) are agreeing to be jointly and severally liable with the Company for all cha
rges to the account, and (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACC
OUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified indiv
iduals 18 or over may be approved for a Card Account. This offer is available to
 US Residents. When you use the Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to
 the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you for the Acc
ount. The Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which impacts
 the opportunity to have claims related to the Account heard in court or resolve
d by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may 
change the terms of, or add new terms to, the Card Member Agreement at any time,
 subject to applicable law. We may apply any changed or new terms to any existin
g and future balances on your Account, subject to applicable law.    You promise
 that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize
 us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting age
ncies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information
 we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as perm
itted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer repo
rt and the name and address of the agency that provided it. Additional Cards: Yo
u must notify Additional Card Members that we may obtain, provide, and use infor
mation about them and that their use of your Account is subject to certain provi
sions of the Card Member Agreement. The maximum number of Additional Cards issue
d on each Account is 99. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each perso
n who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other in
formation that will allow us to verify your identity.   New York Residents: New 
York Residents may contact the New York state Department of Financial Services b
y telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card
 rates, fees, and grace periods. New York Department of Financial Services: 1-80
0-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govCash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Id
entification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. 
Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a 
letter confirming your PIN.SkyMiles is a Registered Trademark, Marca Registrada,
 Marque Deposee. Delta trademarks (including Delta and Delta logo) are registere
d, or registrations are applied for, in countries of the world served by Delta A
ir Lines, Inc. © 2018. All SkyMiles program rules apply to SkyMiles program memb
ership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption and travel benefits. To rev
iew the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Offers void where prohibited 
by law. Offers are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.No
tice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by 
law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Notice to O
regon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be
 charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than 
the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Not
ice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all cre
ditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that cr
edit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual up
on request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this la
w. The Gold Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card from American Express is issued
 by an American Express bank. ©2018 American Express. All rights reserved.POID C
BOI:0001OFFER TERMSWelcome bonus offer not available to applicants who have or h
ave had this product.If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engage
d in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome bonus offer in any 
way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more car
ds to obtain a welcome bonus offer (s) that we did not intend for you; if you ca
ncel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you ca
ncel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not cred
it the welcome bonus to, we may freeze the welcome bonus credited to, or we may 
take away the welcome bonus from your account. We may also cancel this Card acco
unt and other Card accounts you may have with us. Earn 30,000 bonus miles after 
you make $1,000 in purchases on your new Card within your first 3 months To qual
ify for the 30,000 bonus miles, you must make eligible purchases with your Gold 
Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card that total $1,000 or more (the "Threshold A
mount") within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date you
r account is approved. Miles will be credited to your account 6-8 weeks after yo
u reach the Threshold Amount. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card M
ember and any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. Eligible purchas
es are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligibl
e purchases to meet the spend requirement do NOT include fees or interest charge
s, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Bus
iness Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or
 reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments,
 or purchases of any cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account a
re not eligible for this offer. To receive the 30,000 bonus miles, your Card acc
ount must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment. You can earn 3
0,000 bonus miles after you spend $1,000 or more in eligible purchases on your C
ard within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your ac
count is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $1,000 may be shorter
 than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may f
all outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants su
bmitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you ma
de the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may
 be the date the goods are shipped). Miles will be credited to your account 6-8 
weeks after you reach the spend threshold. American Express reserves the right t
o modify or revoke offer at any time. Earn a $50 statement credit after you make
 a Delta purchase with your new Card within your first 3 months One statement cr
edit for $50 will be issued to your Card account after a Delta purchase is charg
ed to your Gold Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card within your first 3 months 
of Card Membership, starting from the date your account is approved. Delta purch
ases to meet the first Delta purchase requirement include those made by both the
 Basic and Additional Card Members on the Card Account. Purchase must be made di
rectly through Delta. A purchase may not qualify for the statement credit if it 
is submitted under a merchant code that has not been categorized as a Delta merc
hant code as of the date of the purchase(s). Credit will be issued as a Card Mem
ber statement credit approximately 8-12 weeks after your first Delta purchase. A
dditional Card Members on your account are not eligible for this offer. To earn 
the $50 statement credit, your Card account must not be canceled or past due at 
the time of fulfillment. Purchases to meet the spend requirement do NOT include 
fees or interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available
 on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of traveler
s checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards; pers
on-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms 
and restrictions apply. You can earn a $50 statement credit after a Delta purcha
se is charged to your Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership startin
g from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to make
 your first Delta purchase may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in r
eceiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in so
me cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the p
urchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if yo
u buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Cr
edit will be issued as a Card Member statement credit approximately 8-12 weeks a
fter your first Delta purchase. American Express reserves the right to modify or
 revoke offer at any time.Introductory Annual FeeThe introductory annual fee for
 the Gold Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card will be $0 for the first year of 
Card Membership. After that, the annual fee will be $95.BENEFIT TERMSThe followi
ng benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.Account ManagerAc
count Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and
 Social Security Number.American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales pe
riod, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members (i
ncluding Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an Ame
rican Express Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service
 charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available an
d blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be 
changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some 
events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Award TravelTaxes
 and fees for Award Travel are the responsibility of the passenger and must be p
aid at the time the ticket is booked.  Award Travel seats are limited and may no
t be available on all flights or in all markets.  Connect to QuickBooksConnect t
o QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online and is available for use with Business
 Cards from American Express OPEN. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit I
nc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo ar
e registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Delta No Blackout DatesAlthough blackout d
ates have been eliminated on Delta flights, blackout dates may apply on partner 
flights and are defined by individual partner carriers.Delta Sky Club Access, Re
duced FeeDelta Sky Club® Discounted Rate benefit ($29 per person) is limited to 
Gold and Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card Members and up to two gue
sts and may be used only in conjunction with same-day ticketed air travel on any
 airline. Benefit permits access to one Club location and is not transferable to
 another Club. Payment must be made in person with a Gold or Platinum Delta SkyM
iles® Business Credit Card. Children under 2 years of age may accompany the Card
 Member for free. Card Member must be at least 21 years of age to access Clubs w
ith a self-service bar, unless accompanied by a parent or legal guardian who is 
also accessing the Club using the Discounted Rate benefit or as a Club member. P
lease drink responsibly. Partner lounges are not included. Note that amenities m
ay vary among airport club locations. Meeting rooms may be reserved for a fee. A
ll Delta Sky Club rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/skycl
ub. Offer and rules subject to change without notice. Additional restrictions ma
y apply.Delta SkyMiles MarketPlaceSkyMiles Marketplace is for use only by SkyMil
es Medallion® members or customers that have a U.S. issued Delta SkyMiles Credit
 Card from American Express. All redemption offers and awards are subject to cha
nge and to the terms and conditions of each individual merchant. Offers, rules a
nd participating merchants are subject to change without notice. All SkyMiles Ma
rketplace rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide.D
ispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.Earn 1
 MileBonus miles will be posted to your Delta SkyMiles account 8 to 12 weeks aft
er the end of each month. To be eligible to earn bonus miles, Card Member's acco
unt must not be canceled or past due at time of bonus fulfillment. Fees, interes
t charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMi
les® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purc
hases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, the purchase or reloading of pre
paid cards and purchases of other cash equivalents do not earn miles.Earn 2 Mile
s on Delta PurchasesFor each dollar charged on an eligible purchase in each bill
ing period on your Card from American Express, you earn 1 mile. You earn 1 addit
ional mile (for a total of 2 miles) on each dollar of eligible purchases made di
rectly with Delta ("Delta purchases"). Delta purchases are eligible purchases wh
ere Delta is the merchant of record, such as purchases via delta.com, phone rese
rvations, or ticket counters, such as upgrades, miles, seat selection, Delta Sky
 Club® membership or passes, and pre-purchased meals, and in-flight purchases of
 food, alcoholic beverages and audio headsets on Delta-operated flights (eligibl
e purchases do not include any other in-flight purchases, such as in-flight wire
less internet access, and associated services, and charitable contributions). De
lta purchases include Delta Vacation® packages but not other all-inclusive packa
ges. Delta purchases include purchases of qualifying Delta, Delta Connection® ca
rrier and Delta Shuttle® flights taken with the purchase of a fare that is eligi
ble for SkyMiles mileage credit. Additional miles earned for Delta flight purcha
ses made with the Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from American Express will be based
 on the total ticket price, including base fare, carrier-imposed surcharges and 
government-imposed taxes and fees. Eligible purchases mean purchases for goods a
nd services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include f
ees or interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available 
on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of travelers
 checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, purchases or reload
ing of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Bonus miles will b
e posted to your Delta SkyMiles account 8 to 12 weeks after the end of each mont
h. To be eligible to receive miles, your Card account must not be canceled or pa
st due at the time of fulfillment. This offer is subject to change without notic
e.Earn Medallion StatusMedallion Qualification Miles received in 2018 above memb
er's received Medallion threshold level will be rolled over to 2019 and will cou
nt toward 2020 Medallion status qualification. In addition, all Medallion Qualif
ication Miles earned between January 1 and December 31, 2018, will count towards
 2019 Medallion status.Employee Card Spending LimitsEmployee Card Spending Limit
s may be set up online or by calling the number on the back of your Card. The Sp
ending Limit is not a guarantee that the Employee Card Member will be able to ma
ke purchases up to that limit. There are certain purchases where the limit does 
not apply, such as, for example, restaurant tips and hotel stays extended beyond
 their original reservation period, and the overall Account capacity is taken in
to consideration. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Cha
rges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other pe
rson when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred
 and billed that exceed a limit. For more information on the application of the 
limit, please refer to the Employee Card Spending Limits Terms and Conditions at
 www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, which will also be provided when you
 enroll Employee Card(s) in this feature.Entertainment Access®Offer valid in sel
ect cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively
 to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Card
s). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid a
nd International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to ava
ilability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final
. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the s
ole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Me
mbers with disabilities.First Checked Bag Free - Medium VersionBenefit is limite
d to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold, Platinum or
 Reserve Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Cards. Reservation must include the Basi
c Card Member's SkyMiles number. Fee waiver also available for passengers travel
ing in the same reservation as the Basic Card Member. Maximum nine waivers per r
eservation. New Card Members and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMi
les Credit Card product will be eligible for the checked baggage fee waiver bene
fit after receiving their Card from American Express. The first checked bag fee 
waiver will only be applied on flight segments which originate on a Delta or Del
ta Connection® carrier when you check-in with Delta for both a Delta marketed an
d Delta operated flight. Waiver is only for normal bag fee, if any, for the firs
t checked bag that is not overweight and not oversize under Delta's applicable r
ules as set forth in Delta's contract of carriage. Additional terms, conditions 
and restrictions may apply. See delta.com/firstbagfree for details.FX Internatio
nal Payments - SecureFX International Payments incorporates encryption, both for
 stored data (such as account information) and for payments created and transmit
ted in real-time. The FX International Payments platform is deployed within Amer
ican Express' state of the art data center that features advanced online and off
line security and monitoring against internet attacks. FX International Payments
 implements American Express standards relating to information integrity, transa
ction security and information security.FX International Payments Live Exchange 
Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may not be available outside of business hou
rs (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX International Pa
yments is a service of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. ("
American Express"). This service is not available to consumers. To enroll in the
 service, your business will be required to complete an application which is sub
ject to review and approval by American Express. For a copy of the application, 
including terms and conditions, call 888-391-9971.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Gl
obal Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no addi
tional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs 
charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see ame
ricanexpress.com/GAterms.In-Flight SavingsCard Members will receive a 20% saving
s in the form of a statement credit on eligible pre-purchased meals, and in-flig
ht purchases of food, alcoholic beverages and audio headsets, on Delta-operated 
flights. Savings do not apply to any other in-flight purchases, such as in-fligh
t wireless internet access, and associated services, and charitable contribution
s. To receive the savings, Card Members must use their Delta SkyMiles Credit Car
d from American Express to complete the in-flight purchase. Savings will appear 
as a statement credit 6-8 weeks after the transaction is posted to the Card Memb
er's Card account. Offer is subject to change without notice. Additional terms, 
conditions, and restrictions may apply. See http://delta.com/mycardcan for detai
ls.Medallion Qualification Dollar WaiverIf the Medallion Qualification Dollar (M
QD) threshold is not met for a Qualification Year, you can still qualify for Pla
tinum, Gold and Silver Medallion Status if you have earned the required Medallio
n Qualification Miles (MQMs) or Medallion Qualification Segments (MQSs) and make
 at least $25,000 in Eligible Purchases within that Qualification Year on your E
ligible Card. If the MQD threshold is not met for a Qualification Year, you can 
qualify for Diamond Medallion Status if you have earned the required MQMs or MQS
s and spend at least $250,000 in eligible purchases within that Qualification Ye
ar on your Eligible Card. A Qualification Year is from January 1 to December 31 
of a given year. The close of the Qualification Year is December 31, without reg
ard to the time of the year that the credit card account is opened. This means t
hat for the first year of Card Membership, the Card Member's Eligible Purchase p
eriod may be less than twelve months. Eligible Purchases means purchases for goo
ds and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible Purchases do NOT inclu
de fees, interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travel
ers' checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash
 equivalents. Eligible purchases may fall outside of the Qualification Year in s
ome cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the 
purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if y
ou buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). T
his may result in a delay in receiving the MQD waiver. You can confirm whether y
ou have met the Eligible Purchase threshold for the MQD Waiver by logging into y
our SkyMiles account on delta.com or in the Fly Delta app. Eligible Purchases ma
de by Additional Card Members on the Basic Card Member's Eligible Card will coun
t toward the Eligible Purchase threshold. For purposes of calculating the Eligib
le Purchase threshold, Eligible Purchases will be combined across multiple Eligi
ble Cards of the Basic Card Member if those Card accounts are linked to the same
 SkyMiles number. Eligible Cards are the following: Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, 
Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles, Delta Reserve Credit C
ard, Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Ca
rd, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve for Business Cre
dit Card from American Express. The Blue Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card is not elig
ible for the MQD Waiver. However, if you have another Delta SkyMiles Credit Card
 with the MQD Waiver benefit in addition to your Delta Blue SkyMiles Credit Card
, Eligible Purchases made on the Blue Delta SkyMiles Credit Card will continue t
o count towards the MQD Waiver. This benefit extends to Basic Card Members only 
(Additional Card Members are not eligible). Offer terms and conditions subject t
o change.No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign
 transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with you
r Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee
 on foreign transactions.Pay with MilesProgram is limited to Basic (not Addition
al) Gold and Platinum Delta SkyMiles and Delta Reserve Credit Card Members, as w
ell as to Gold and Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card Members and Delt
a Reserve for Business Credit Card Members. New Card Members are eligible to use
 Pay with Miles upon receipt of their Card. Eligible only on Delta and Delta Con
nection® carrier-operated and ticketed flights booked at delta.com. Not availabl
e on other codeshare flights. Eligible flights for this program will be marked a
s Pay with Miles eligible. Miles redemptions must be in 5,000 mile increments, w
ith a minimum of 5,000 miles for redemption, and the number of miles redeemed wi
ll be rounded up to the nearest 5,000 mile increment, as applicable. Use your De
lta SkyMiles Credit Card to pay for the remaining ticket price when using Pay wi
th Miles. Five thousand miles generally provides $50 of value. However, you may 
receive less value per mile if the cost of a ticket you choose to cover entirely
 with miles is not a multiple of $50. All Pay with Miles tickets will earn milea
ge, and will earn Medallion Qualification Dollars, for the portion of the base f
are and carrier-imposed surcharges remaining that is paid in currency after mile
s are applied to the ticket total. Mileage redemption will be applied toward the
 base fare and carrier-imposed surcharges prior to being applied toward taxes an
d fees. In addition, all Pay with Miles tickets are eligible for Medallion Quali
fication Segments, and Medallion Qualification Miles. Pay with Miles tickets are
 not eligible for Best Fare Guarantee and may not be combined with any other for
ms of mileage redemption, such as Award Travel tickets. Medallion Complimentary 
Upgrades on Pay with Miles tickets are subject to availability and may not be el
igible on all flights. Except for tickets refunded under Delta’s Risk Free Cance
llation policy, miles redeemed with Pay with Miles cannot be re-deposited in the
 member’s SkyMiles Account – even for fully refundable fares. Residual value for
 a changed or cancelled ticket will be issued as an e-certificate applicable to 
future Delta purchases. For terms, conditions, and restrictions, visit delta.com
/paywithmiles.Priority BoardingCard Members are entitled to receive Zone 1 Prior
ity Boarding on Delta flights. Benefit is limited to Basic Card Members (not Add
itional Card Members) with the Gold, Platinum or Reserve Delta SkyMiles Credit C
ards. Reservation must include the Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number. Priority
 Boarding is also available for passengers traveling in the same reservation as 
the Basic Card Member. Maximum nine passengers per reservation receive the Prior
ity Boarding. Priority Boarding will only be available on Delta and Delta Connec
tion carrier operated flights. Delta does not offer Priority Boarding on Delta S
huttle® flights. New Card Members and Card Members upgrading from another Delta 
SkyMiles Credit Card product from American Express will be eligible for the Prio
rity Boarding benefit after receiving their Card from American Express. Offer is
 subject to change without notice. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions
 may apply. See delta.com/mycardcan for details.Return ProtectionReturn Protecti
on can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible Ameri
can Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per 
item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year bas
ed on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will no
t be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition
 and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were originally 
purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicle
s, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions 
apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the District o
f Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated Stat
es of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. Yo
u may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimbu
rse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional impor
tant terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americ
anexpress.com/RPterms.Rewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, conditions and
 restrictions vary by individual Card products.Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadsi
de Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow operator
 or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistance Hot
line is available at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charged for a
ny services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the followi
ng services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member ha
s a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to
 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling within the 50 United S
tates, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands
 and only when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This product do
es not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicen
sed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other im
portant exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordination and 
assistance services in case of inclement weather or on roadways which restrict a
ccess to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehic
les with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and
 exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexp
ress.com/RAterms.Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Compan
y, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not respons
ible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware tha
t certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales t
argets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors.
 For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms Californi
a CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.SkyMiles GeneralAll SkyMi
les program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accr
ual, mile redemption, and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit del
ta.com/memberguide. Partner airline benefits are subject to change and subject t
o the terms and conditions of each partner. Partner offers are subject to the te
rms and conditions of each individual offer. Offers are void where prohibited by
 law. Offers are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.Spen
d ManagerSpend ManagerSM is a feature of American Express Business and Corporate
 Cards. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of 
receipts displayed. Receipts will be stored until the earliest of the following:
 (1) seven years from the end of the year that the receipt was uploaded or (2) t
he date that your online account is closed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Ameri
can Express may delete or purge receipts for any reason in its sole discretion, 
with or without notice.Spend Manager and Connect to QuickBooksSpend ManagerSM an
d Connect to QuickBooks® are two separate business tools available with Business
 Cards from American Express OPEN that were created to work together. American E
xpress is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed
 in your QuickBooks. You must enroll in Connect to QuickBooks from your American
 Express online account. Connect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online. For
 details about Spend ManagerSM, go to www.open.com/spendmanager. Any QuickBooks 
Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, 
QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.Spend Manage
r Mobile AppThe Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available with American Expre
ss Business and Corporate Cards. Not all functionality is available with Corpora
te Cards. The Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available on the App Store(R) a
nd Google Play™. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc.,
 registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Appl
e Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.Year–End SummaryThe Online Year–
End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your acc
ount from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COM
PANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress
.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten b
y AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400
, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and
 MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna
, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of
 American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the
 US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and
 exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change wit
h notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be cover
ed, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, tra
in, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost 
for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Car
d Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Members
hip Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire f
are. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from a
nother program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This
 product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not p
aid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written repor
t of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditio
ns, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Ren
tal Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Adminis
trative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925
-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten b
y Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB0000001
08. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated Stat
es of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Cov
erage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies app
licable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does no
t supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of 
a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not availabl
e for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal v
ehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g off-road vehicles, limousi
nes and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product pro
vides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any p
rimary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the re
nted vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you, any passenger in
 your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to other vehicles or 
property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Exte
nded WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Admini
strative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX095
3-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by 
Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109
. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States
 of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Cove
rage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies appl
icable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not
 supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the
 original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match 
the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is l
ess than one year, and we provide one additional year if the original manufactur
er's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping and handling costs fo
r the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. ite
ms with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motor
ized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You
 will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage i
s limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,0
00 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the pu
rchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. 
For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.Purchase Protecti
onPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative 
Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or 
Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Mar
ine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This be
nefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micro
nesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is de
termined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to 
your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplemen
t or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not b
e refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, c
onsumable and perishable items and motorized vehicles and their parts or accesso
ries, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only b
e reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited u
p to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per ca
lendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case
 we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary c
overage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance 
that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.Tr
avel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assuran
ce Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX094
8-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan i
s underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CR
CB000000111. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Feder
ated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Isl
ands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Pol
icies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This documen
t does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Ent
ire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with y
our eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a 
Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Expr
ess Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or A
merican Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another 
form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay fo
r all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclus
ions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, yo
ur account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the orig
inal charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.