Payment Information

Fees
Annual Membership Fee

$450


Transaction Fees

 

Foreign Transaction
None

Penalty Fees

 

Late Payment
$38 or 2.99% of any past due Pay in Full amount, whichever is greater.

Returned Payment
$38



 TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement.
 By submitting this application, you, as an individual and the Authorizing Officer of the Company, (a) are requesting us to open an Account in the name of the Company, (b) are requesting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be jointly and severally liable with the Company for all charges to the account, and (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be approved for a Card Account. This offer is available to US Residents. When you use the Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you for the Account. The Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which impacts the opportunity to have claims related to the Account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the terms of, or add new terms to, the Card Member Agreement at any time, subject to applicable law. We may apply any changed or new terms to any existing and future balances on your Account, subject to applicable law. 
 
  You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.
 Additional Cards: You must notify Additional Card Members that we may obtain, provide, and use information about them and that their use of your Account is subject to certain provisions of the Card Member Agreement. The maximum number of Additional Cards issued on each Account is 99.
 Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.
  
 Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
 Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.
 Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.
 
The Business Platinum Card® is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2018 American Express National Bank.

POID GAT8:0001

OFFER TERMS
Welcome offer not available to applicants who have or have had this Card. We may also consider the number of American Express Cards you have opened and closed as well as other factors in making a decision on your welcome offer eligibility.
Limited Time Offer Earn up to 100,000 Membership Rewards® points. To be eligible to earn 50,000 additional points, you must charge $10,000 (the "Threshold Amount") of eligible purchases*, OR to be eligible for another 50,000 additional points (for a total of 100,000 points), you must charge a total of $25,000 in eligible purchases. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card Account. You must charge your eligible purchases during the first 3 months of membership on an eligible Business Platinum Card® from American Express OPEN. Limit one offer per Card Account. We will credit the 50,000 additional points or another 50,000 additional points (for a total of 100,000 points) depending on whether you spent $10,000 or more or $25,000 or more on eligible purchases during those first 3 months. Offer may not be combined with any other special offer. Your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment of any offers. *Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments. You can earn 50,000 points after you spend $10,000 or more in eligible purchases or another 50,000 additional points (for a total of 100,000 points) after you spend $25,000 or more on eligible purchases on your Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $10,000 (or $25,000) may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). The 50,000 (or 100,000) additional points will be credited to your Membership Rewards® account 8-12 weeks after you have met the eligible purchase requirement. If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome bonus offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer (s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit Membership Rewards® points to, we may freeze Membership Rewards® points credited to, or we may take away Membership Rewards® points from your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us. If your application is not received by 08/08/2018, we will not process your application even if we later receive your application. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time. Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice. The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.

BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.
$200 Airline Fee Credit - Business PlatinumBenefit is available to Consumer and Business Platinum Card® and Centurion® Members only. To receive statement credits of up to $200 per calendar year toward incidental air travel fees, Card Member must select one qualifying airline at www.americanexpress.com/airlinechoice. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Card Account can select the qualifying airline. Card Members who have not chosen a qualifying airline will be able to do so at any time. Card Members who have already selected a qualifying airline will be able to change their choice one time each year in January at www.americanexpress.com/airlinechoice or by calling the number on the back of the Card. Card Members who do not change their airline selection will remain with their current airline. The qualifying airline Business Platinum Card Members select for this $200 benefit and the 35% Airline Bonus must be the same. Statement Credits: Incidental air travel fees must be charged to the Card Member on the eligible Card Account for the benefit to apply. Incidental air travel fees charged by both the Basic and Additional Card Members on the eligible Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, each Card Account is eligible for up to a total of $200 per calendar year in statement credits across all Cards on the Account. Incidental air travel fees must be separate charges from airline ticket charges. Fees not charged by the Card Member's airline of choice (e.g. wireless internet and fees incurred with airline alliance partners) do not qualify for statement credits. Incidental air travel fees charged prior to selection of a qualifying airline are not eligible for statement credits. Airline tickets, upgrades, mileage points purchases, mileage points transfer fees, gift cards, duty free purchases, and award tickets are not deemed to be incidental fees. The airline must submit the charge under the appropriate merchant code, industry code, or required service or product identifier for the charge to be recognized as an incidental air travel fee. Please allow 2-4 weeks after the qualifying incidental air travel fee is charged to your Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. We rely on airlines to submit the correct information on airline transactions, so please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 4 weeks from the date of purchase. Card Members remain responsible for timely payment of all charges. To be eligible for this benefit, Card Account(s) must be not canceled and not past due at the time of statement credit fulfillment. If a charge for any incidental air travel fee is included in a Pay Over Time feature balance on your Card Account (for example, Sign & Travel), the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time feature balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. For additional information about this benefit, call the number on the back of your Card.

35% Airline Bonus DisclosureTo use Pay with Points, you must charge your eligible airfare purchase through American Express Travel to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Card. Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card account used. If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price will remain on the American Express Card account. Points must be used at the time of booking. Pay with Points requires a minimum redemption of 5,000 points. Business Platinum Card Members will receive 3.5 extra points for every 10 points they redeem for either a First or Business class flight on any airline, or for flights with their selected qualifying airline using Membership Rewards Pay with Points through American Express Travel (35% Airline Bonus), up to 500,000 bonus points per calendar year, per each Membership Rewards account. For First or Business class flights on a Card Member's selected qualifying airline, the Card Member will still receive only 3.5 extra points for every 10 points redeemed. Card Member must select a qualifying airline at www.americanexpress.com/airlinechoice. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Card Account can select the qualifying airline. The airline you select for the 35% Airline Bonus and the $200 Airline Fee Credit must be the same. Card Members who have not chosen a qualifying airline will be able to do so at any time. Card Members who have already selected a qualifying airline will be able to change their choice one time each year in January at www.americanexpress.com/airlinechoice or by calling the number on the back of your Card. Card Members who do not change their airline selection will remain with their current airline. If you select Spirit Airlines, Southwest Airlines, or AirTran Airways, to receive your 35% Airline Bonus you must call Business Platinum Travel Service at 1-800-553-9497. A flight booked as part of a travel package or booked with the American Express U.S. Representative Travel Network is not eligible for the 35% Airline Bonus. In addition, to be eligible to receive extra points, Card account(s) must not be cancelled or past due at the time of extra points fulfillment. If booking is canceled, the extra points will be deducted from your Membership Rewards account. Extra points will be credited to your Membership Rewards account approximately 6-10 weeks after eligible airfare purchases appear on your billing statement. See membershiprewards.com/terms for Membership Rewards program terms and conditions. This 35% Airline Bonus is the maximum Membership Rewards points you can get back for Pay with Points on flights booked through American Express Travel. Bonus ID: A6ZB.

5X Membership Rewards Points on flights and prepaid hotels booked at Amextravel.comYou will get one point for each dollar charged for an eligible purchase on your Business Platinum Card® from American Express. You will get 4 additional points (for a total of 5 points) for each dollar spent on eligible travel purchases made on amextravel.com. Eligible travel purchases include the following purchases made on amextravel.com: scheduled flights, prepaid hotel purchases (including hotels and flight+hotel packages), minus returns and other credits. Eligible travel purchases do NOT include non-prepaid hotel bookings, car rentals and cruise, hotel group reservations or events, ticketing service, cancellation or other fees, interest charges, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. To be eligible for the 5x Membership Rewards® points, you must both reserve and charge the travel purchase with the same eligible Business Platinum Card®. To modify a reservation you must cancel and rebook your reservation. You can cancel and rebook your reservation on amextravel.com or by calling a representative of amextravel.com at 1-800-297-2977. Cancellations are subject to hotel cancellation penalty policies. If hotel reservations are made or modified directly with the hotel provider, the reservation will not be eligible for this 5X Membership Rewards® point benefit. Extra points for air, prepaid hotel, and travel packages will be credited to the Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after final payment is made. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase categories or in connection with promotions or offers from American Express may not be combined with this benefit. Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not qualify for additional points if the merchant's code is not eligible. The benefits associated with the Additional Card(s) you choose may be different than the benefits associated with your basic Card. See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and conditions or to learn the benefits associated with the Additional Card(s) you choose, please call the number on the back of your Card. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions or such suppliers.

Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.

Airspace LoungeThis benefit is available to Business Platinum Card Members. Card Member must present his or her valid Card and government-issued I.D. Ticket not required for Airspace Lounges. In some cases, Card Member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. The Card Member's spouse and children under the age of 21 or up to two companions may enter the club as complimentary guests. Card Member must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. Card Members and his or her guests will receive all of the complimentary benefits and amenities afforded to the Airspace Lounge customers, as well as access to purchase non-complimentary items. Some product features may be subject to additional charges. Airspace Lounge locations are subject to change.

American Express Global Lounge CollectionThese Terms and Conditions govern Platinum Card Members' participation in and use of the Priority Pass™ Select program. Priority Pass is an independent airport lounge access program. At any visit to a Priority Pass Select lounge that admits guests, you may bring in two guests for no charge. You will be charged $27 for any additional guests. Some lounges do not admit guests. By enrolling in Priority Pass Select, you agree that you will be responsible for any additional accompanying guest visits and that your Card will be automatically charged after you have signed for the additional guest visit and it has been reported to Priority Pass by the participating lounge. Additionally, you acknowledge and agree that American Express will verify your Card account number and provide updated Card account information to Priority Pass. Priority Pass will use this information to fulfill on the Priority Pass Select program and may use this information for marketing related to the program. Once enrolled, Platinum Card Members whose Card account is not cancelled may access participating Priority Pass Select lounges by presenting your Priority Pass Select card and airline boarding pass. In some lounges, Priority Pass Select member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Priority Pass Select members must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. Amenities may vary among airport lounge locations. Conference rooms, where available, may be reserved for a nominal fee. Priority Pass Select lounge partners and locations are subject to change. All Priority Pass Select members must adhere to the Priority Pass Conditions of Use, which will be sent to you with your membership package, and can be viewed at www.prioritypass.com. Upon receipt of your enrollment information, Priority Pass will send your Priority Pass Select card and membership package which you should receive within 10-14 business days. If you have not received the Priority Pass card after 14 days, please contact American Express using the number on the back of your American Express® Card. Please note, Additional Gold Card Members are not eligible for membership.

American Express International LoungesBusiness Platinum Card Members have unlimited complimentary access to American Express Lounge locations. Guest access policies vary by location and are subject to change. Fees may apply for additional guests. To access American Express Lounges, the Business Platinum Card Member must present the agent with the following upon each visit: his or her valid Card and upon request, same-day airline ticket on any carrier and a government-issued I.D. Failure to present this documentation may result in access being denied. Business Platinum Card Members will not be compensated for changes in locations, rates or policies. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from a lounge for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to lounge rules, including, but not limited to, conduct that is disruptive, abusive or violent. Access is subject to space availability. Amenities, services and hours of operation may vary among locations and are subject to change. In some Lounges the Business Platinum Card Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Age restrictions for the service of alcohol also vary between Lounges. American Express will not be liable for any articles lost or stolen or damages suffered by the purchaser or visitor inside American Express Lounges. Use of American Express Lounges is subject to the local rules and conditions set by American Express and the Lounge operator. American Express and the Lounge operator reserve the right to revise the rules at any time without notice. For details of individual American Express lounge access requirements please visit www.americanexpress.com/findalounge.

American Express Preferred SeatingEligible CardsPreferred Seating is available to U.S. Card Members with an American Express® Gold Card, Platinum Card® or Centurion® Card from American Express, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card, Delta Reserve® Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card, Hilton Honors Ascend Card, Hilton Honors Aspire Card, American Express® Corporate Gold Card, Corporate Platinum Card® or Corporate Centurion® Card from American Express, the Executive Business Card, American Express® Premiere Rewards Gold Card , Business Gold Card, Business Gold Rewards Card, Business Platinum Card®, or Business Centurion® Card from American Express.Tickets available through the American Express Preferred Seating program are available exclusively for qualifying Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets must be purchased with an eligible American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Tickets are subject to availability and apply to select events. Availability will vary by performance based on prior sales. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Redemption InformationTo redeem an American Express Preferred Seating offer, please proceed to purchase your ticket through any primary ticketing channel including online, mobile, or phone and provide the 10-digit Customer Service phone number located on the back of your Card when prompted.

American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

American Express SeatingPlease note that the tickets available through the American Express Seating program are available to all Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

By Invitation Only®Transportation and accommodation costs are additional unless otherwise stated. The price indicated covers event costs only. All sales are final and non-refundable, and resale is prohibited. Payment must be made using an eligible American Express® Card. Details and prices are subject to change. Packages are available on a first-come, first-served basis. Availability is limited. Must be 21 years of age or older to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly.

Car Rental PrivilegesBenefits given to Platinum Card Members are subject to each car rental company's terms and conditions, including age restrictions, and require enrollment to receive benefits. Platinum Card Members must be affiliated with the Platinum Program codes. Hertz Gold Plus Rewards® is a registered trademark of Hertz System, Inc. Minimum rental age is 25 (exceptions apply). For Hertz Gold Plus Rewards, upgrades are subject to fleet availability at time of rental. Standard rental terms and conditions apply. Payment must be made using the Platinum Card from American Express. Platinum Card Members are required to enroll in Avis Preferred Club, Hertz Gold Plus Rewards and National Emerald Club Executive memberships to become a member. National collects Frequent Flyer Tax Recoupment Surcharge to cover the federal tax on the cost of the miles awarded at the time of rental. Discount applies to base rate only. Taxes (including GST), other governmentally authorized or imposed surcharges, license recoupment/air tax recovery and concession recoupment fees, airport and airport facility fees, fuel, additional driver fee, one-way rental charge, and optional items are extra. Renter must meet standard age, driver, and credit requirements. Advance reservation required. May not be combined with other discounts. Availability is limited. Subject to change without notice. Blackout dates may apply. National's Emerald Club and its services require a signed Master Rental Agreement to be on file. Please note that the Car Rental Privileges program available to Platinum Card Members is a separate program from the Premium Car Rental Protection insurance product offered by American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company.

Car Rental Privileges: National Emerald ClubThe Emerald Club and its services require a signed Master Rental Agreement on file. National, National Car Rental, the “flag” and Emerald Club are trademarks of Vanguard Car Rental USA LLC. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. © 2018 National Car Rental.

ConciergeThere is no cost to you for services a concierge performs on your behalf, although you are responsible for any purchases, fees and/or shipping charges you authorize to be charged to your Card account. We reserve the right to note profile and preference data for servicing and marketing purposes. We are not responsible for notifying a restaurant of any food allergies when suggesting or making reservations at restaurants.

Connect to QuickBooksConnect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online and is available for use with Business Cards from American Express OPEN. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.

Cruise Privileges ProgramValid for new bookings of voyages of at least five nights made with a participating supplier through Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Service, any American Express Travel office, eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies, or the Agency Services Desk. May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates, category and fare restrictions may apply. Payment must be made with an American Express Card in U.S. Platinum Card Member or U.S. Centurion® Member's name. Available for U.S. Platinum Charge Card Members and U.S. Centurion® Members only, and excludes Platinum Credit Card Members such as Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Card Members who are not also U.S Platinum Charge Card Members or U.S. Centurion® Members. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Benefits listed require double occupancy and are non-transferable. Program benefits may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Members receive $100 USD shipboard credit for inside and outside staterooms; $200 USD shipboard credit for balcony, verandah, and mini-suite staterooms; and $300 USD shipboard credit for suites on Celebrity Cruises, Norwegian Cruise Line, Holland America Line, Princess Cruises, and Royal Caribbean International. Card Members receive $300 USD shipboard credit for all Queen Mary oceanview staterooms category EF or higher, and Queen Victoria/ Queen Elizabeth oceanview staterooms category FA or higher on Cunard Line. Card Members receive $300 USD shipboard credit for all stateroom categories on Ama Waterways, Oceania, Regent, Azamara, Seabourn, Crystal, Silversea, Uniworld, and Windstar. Centurion Members receive an additional $200 ($500 total) USD shipboard credit on Crystal Cruises, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, Seabourn, and Silversea. All shipboard credits will be credited to the guest's stateroom folio upon checkout. Shipboard credit amounts in international jurisdictions may vary due to foreign exchange rates and timing of application. Shipboard credits are subject to cruise line policies. Credits cannot be used for casino charges and gratuities. Unused portion of credit is non-refundable and is not redeemable for cash. Other restrictions may apply, see onboard cashier for details. Additional amenity not available on the Silversea Expedition Fleet: Silver Explorer, Silver Galapagos, and Silver Discoverer. The Cruise Privileges Program benefits (shipboard credits and additional amenities) are not available on Celebrity Cruises Galapagos Sailings. Limit one benefit package per stateroom; three-stateroom limit per Card Member, per sailing. To obtain benefits, travel agents must visit americanexpress.com/asdonline. Participating providers and benefits subject to change. Get one (1) extra point on each dollar charged for eligible cruise bookings with American Express Travel or eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies; separate airfare and other charges associated with booking are not eligible. Payment must be made with a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled Consumer or OPEN American Express Card in the U.S. Platinum Card or U.S. Centurion Member's name. The extra points will be credited to Card Member's Membership Rewards account 8-12 weeks after full payment. Bonus ID: 3847

Delta Private Jets 20% Discount on Commercial FlightsFor air transportation provided by Delta, a Card Member who purchases a Delta Private Jet Card is entitled to a 20% discount off published fares for select fare classes in effect when booked.

Delta Sky ClubThe Business Platinum Card Member must present his or her valid American Express Card, government-issued I.D., and same-day corresponding airline ticket to club ambassador. Access to Delta Sky Club partner lounges is not permitted. Individuals must be at least 18 years of age to access Delta Sky Club, and 21 years of age to access locations with a self-service bar, unless accompanied by a responsible, supervising adult who has access to the lounge. Card Members must adhere to all House Rules of participating clubs. Participating airport clubs and locations subject to change without notice. Additional guest access and fees subject to terms and conditions of participating airport clubs. For the most current Delta Sky Club access and pricing policy, please visit Delta.com/skyclub. All Delta Sky Club rules apply to Delta Sky Club membership and use. To review the rules, please visit Delta.com/skyclub.

Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.

Employee Card Spending LimitsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be set up online or by calling the number on the back of your Card. The Spending Limit is not a guarantee that the Employee Card Member will be able to make purchases up to that limit. There are certain purchases where the limit does not apply, such as, for example, restaurant tips and hotel stays extended beyond their original reservation period, and the overall Account capacity is taken into consideration. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. For more information on the application of the limit, please refer to the Employee Card Spending Limits Terms and Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, which will also be provided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this feature.

Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

Escape LoungesThis benefit is available to Business Platinum Card Members. Card Members receive complimentary access to any US location of the Escape Lounges. Card Member must present his or her valid Card, a boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for same-day travel on any carrier and government-issued I.D. In some cases, Card Member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Card Members may bring up to two (2) companions into Escape Lounges as complimentary guests. Card Member must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. Card Members and his or her guests will receive all of the complimentary benefits and amenities afforded to the Escape Lounge customers, as well as access to purchase non-complimentary items. Some product features may be subject to additional charges. Escape Lounge locations are subject to change.

Extra Membership Rewards® points at amextravel.com2x Points Membership Rewards-enrolled Card Members get at least 1 Membership Rewards® point for every eligible dollar spent on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card. Those same Card Members will also get at least 1 additional point for each dollar of eligible travel purchases made on amextravel.com on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express Card. Eligible travel purchases include all travel purchases made with your Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card on amextravel.com, including air, prepaid hotels, vacation packages (flight + hotel packages) or cruise reservations, minus returns and other credits. Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members are only eligible for 1 additional point on cruise reservations. Eligible travel purchases do NOT include car reservations, non-prepaid hotels, ticketing service or other fees, or interest charges. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase categories or in connection with promotions or offers from American Express may not be combined with this offer, such as 5X bonuses for Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members. Any portion of a charge that you elect to cover through redemption of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to receive points. If you have an Amex EveryDay Card product, additional points awarded under this offer will not be included in the extra points benefit. Additional points will be credited to the Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after final payment is made.

Fee Credit for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®The benefit is available to (i) Corporate Gold Card Members, (ii) Consumer Platinum Card® Members, Corporate Platinum Card® Members and Business Platinum Card® Members, and (iii) Centurion® Card Members. The benefit is also available to Additional Platinum and Centurion Card Members on eligible Consumer and Business Card accounts. To receive the statement credit, Additional Platinum and Centurion Card Members must charge the application fee to the eligible Additional Card account. Card Members are eligible to receive statement credit every 4 years for the application fee for either Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® when charged to an eligible Card. Card Members will receive a statement credit for the first program (either Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® ) to which they apply and pay for with their eligible Card regardless of whether they are approved for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®. However, Card Members can receive no more than one $85 credit or $100 credit, depending on which program the Card Member first applies for, every 4 years for an application fee charged to an eligible Card. American Express has no control over the application and/or approval process for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®, and does not have access to any information provided to the government by the Card Member or by the government to the Card Member. American Express has no liability regarding the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® Programs. U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) (for Global Entry) and U.S. Transportation Security Administration (TSA) (for TSA Pre✓®) charge an application fee to process each respective application regardless of whether the Card Member's application is approved. American Express will provide a statement credit for the application fee regardless of the decision made by CBP (for Global Entry) or TSA (for TSA Pre✓®) but will not provide a statement credit for subsequent application fees charged to the same eligible Card within 4 years, even if the original application is rejected. Membership for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® is per person, and a separate application must be completed for each individual. For additional information on the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® programs, including information regarding the application and/or approval process and for a list of participating airlines and airports, as well as the full terms and conditions of the programs, please go to www.globalentry.gov for Global Entry and www.tsa.gov for TSA Pre✓®. The Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® programs are subject to change, and American Express has no control over those changes. The statement credit benefit applies to the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® programs only. Other program applications including, but not limited to, NEXUS, SENTRI, and Privium are not eligible for the statement credit benefit. Please allow up to 8 weeks after the qualifying Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® transaction is charged to the eligible Card account for the statement credit to be posted to the Card account. American Express relies on accurate transaction data to identify eligible Global Entry and TSA Pre✓® purchases. If you do not see a credit for a qualifying purchase on your eligible Card after 8 weeks, simply call the number on the back of your Card.Card Members are responsible for payment of all application charges until the statement credit posts to the Card account. To be eligible for this benefit, Card account(s) must be active through the time of statement credit fulfillment. Global Entry Fee Credit Option: Global Entry is a CBP program that allows expedited clearance for pre-approved, low-risk international travelers upon arrival in the United States. Global Entry membership also includes access to the TSA Pre✓® program with no additional application or fee required. If a Card Member applies separately for TSA Pre✓® with the same eligible Card, the TSA Pre✓® application fee is not eligible for a statement credit. To receive the $100 Global Entry statement credit, Card Members must pay for the $100 Global Entry application fee with an eligible Card. Additional Cards on eligible Consumer and Business accounts are also eligible for the $100 statement credit. To receive the statement credit, the Global Entry application fee must be charged on the eligible Additional Card. Global Entry members can opt-in to TSA Pre✓® by entering their Global Entry membership number (PASS ID) in the "Known Traveler Number" field each time a flight reservation is made on a participating airline. Alternatively, Card Members can add their Global Entry PASS ID to their frequent flyer profile(s) with the participating airline(s) and then ensure that their frequent flyer number is entered for each flight booking. If approved, membership into the Global Entry program is valid for 5 years and subject to the program's terms and conditions. You must re-apply for the Global Entry program every five years for continuous benefits. TSA Pre✓® Fee Credit Option: TSA Pre✓® is an intelligence-driven risk based program managed by TSA that allows low-risk travelers to experience faster, more efficient screening at participating U.S. airport checkpoints for domestic and international travel. The TSA Pre✓® application program is a DHS Trusted Traveler program. TSA began accepting TSA Pre✓® applications on Wednesday, Dec. 4, 2013. Enrolling in TSA Pre✓® does not guarantee selection for expedited screening each time a passenger travels. To receive the $85 TSA Pre✓® statement credit, Card Members must pay for the $85 TSA Pre✓® application fee with an eligible Card. Additional Cards on eligible Consumer and Business Card accounts are also eligible for the $85 statement credit. To receive the statement credit, the TSA Pre✓® application fee must be charged on the eligible Additional Card. If approved, Membership into the TSA Pre✓® program is valid for 5 years and subject to the program's terms and conditions.

FINE HOTELS & RESORTSValid only for new FINE HOTELS & RESORTS bookings made through Platinum Travel Service, Business Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Service, americanexpress.com/fhr, any American Express Travel offices or the Agency Services Desk. Payment must be made in full with an American Express Card in the Platinum Card Member's or Centurion® Member's name. Available for Platinum Charge Card Members and Centurion® Members only, and excludes Platinum Credit Card Members such as Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Card Members who are not also Platinum Charge Card Members. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked to be eligible for benefits described. Noon check-in and room upgrade are based on availability and are provided at check-in. Breakfast amenity varies by property, but will be, at a minimum, a continental breakfast. Complimentary In-Room Wi-Fi is provided, with the exception of explora Patagonia where In-Room Wi-Fi is not available. In this instance, complimentary Wi-Fi will be provided in a common space on property. In the case where a Property includes cost of Wi-Fi in a mandatory resort fee, the Card Member will receive a daily credit from the Property in the standard amount that the Property charges for Wi-Fi. The credit will be issued on the Card Members final statement upon check-out. Benefit restrictions vary by FINE HOTELS & RESORTS property and cannot be redeemed for cash, and may not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Advance reservations are recommended for services such as spa, dining or golf in order to take advantage of the FINE HOTELS & RESORTS special amenity during your stay. Benefits and additional FINE HOTELS & RESORTS promotions are only applied at checkout and expire at checkout. Limit one benefit package per room, per stay. Three room limit per Card Member, per stay; back-to-back stays within a 24-hour period at the same property considered one stay. Participating FINE HOTELS & RESORTS properties and benefits are subject to change.

FX International Payments - SecureFX International Payments incorporates encryption, both for stored data (such as account information) and for payments created and transmitted in real-time. The FX International Payments platform is deployed within American Express' state of the art data center that features advanced online and offline security and monitoring against internet attacks. FX International Payments implements American Express standards relating to information integrity, transaction security and information security.

FX International Payments Live Exchange Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may not be available outside of business hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)

FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service is not available to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required to complete an application which is subject to review and approval by American Express. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 888-391-9971.

Get 1.5X PointsYou get 1.5 Membership Rewards® points per dollar (that's an extra one-half point per dollar) for each single eligible purchase transaction of $5,000 or more made with your Business Platinum Card.For example, for a single eligible purchase transaction of $5,000, you will get an extra 2,500 points. These extra points are in addition to any points you already get from using the Card. You can get a maximum of 1,000,000 extra points associated with this benefit per calendar year per account. You will not get the extra points associated with this benefit if American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as eligible for the benefit. For example, a purchase transaction of $5,000 or more will not qualify if the merchant divides the purchase into transactions of less than $5,000 before providing the information to American Express. Airlines, hotels, retailers, aggregators, and online marketplaces are a few examples of merchants that may divide purchases into smaller transactions. Transactions may be divided by date of availability, shipping date, ticket, or reservation, among other things. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. You will typically receive the extra Membership Rewards points eight to twelve weeks after the billing period in which you make the eligible purchase.

Global Dining CollectionReservations are based on a first-come, first-served basis. In the event of a reservation cancellation, the Card Member will be subject to the restaurant's cancellation policy, which will be communicated to the Card Member by Concierge at the time of booking. Concierge is not responsible for informing the restaurant of your dietary restrictions or for the restaurant being able to accommodate the restrictions; we do ask that you provide this information directly to the restaurant.

Global Dining Collection Events and Experiences DisclosureEvent experiences are available on a first-come, first-served basis. Availability is limited.

Gogo Preferred ProgramEach Basic and Additional Business Platinum Card® Member is eligible for 10 complimentary single flight segment passes for Gogo inflight internet each calendar year. A "flight segment" is defined as one takeoff and landing on the same aircraft, with the same flight number, between two cities. To activate the passes, go to gogoair.com/amex to validate eligibility and then create or log into your Gogo account. To use a pass while in flight, log into your Gogo account and select to use the American Express Internet Pass. If you are on a Gogo equipped flight segment that is eligible for a Gogo monthly or annual subscription plan or an All-Day Pass you have redeemed that is still in effect, your Gogo subscription plan or All-Day Pass will be automatically used and you will not have an opportunity to use an American Express Internet Pass. Any American Express Internet Passes remaining in your Gogo account at the end of each calendar year will be removed. To be eligible for this benefit, your Card Account must be issued in the United States and be active. Amex will revoke unused passes if your Card is canceled or if you transfer your Card Account to a new Card product. Amex will periodically provide Gogo with updated information regarding your eligibility for this benefit. Use of Gogo services is subject to Gogo’s terms of use, privacy policy and other policies, available at gogoair.com. For the most up-to-date list of participating airlines, go to www.gogoair.com/amex-airlines/. Gogo and the Gogo logo are trademarks of Gogo LLC, registered in the U.S. and other countries.

Hilton Honors Gold Status EnrollmentAs a Business Platinum Card Member you are eligible to enroll in complimentary Hilton Honors Gold status. Offer available only to Business Platinum Card Members and is not transferable. Full details of Gold status can be found at hiltonhonors.com/memberbenefits and is subject to change by Hilton. Gold status benefits are subject to availability at participating hotels and resorts within the Hilton Portfolio. Once you request enrollment in the Hilton Honors program, American Express will share your enrollment information with Hilton. Hilton may use this information in accordance with its privacy policy available at hiltonhonors.com/privacypolicy. If you already have Hilton Honors Gold status, you can maintain the benefit in the future because you do not need to meet any stay requirements. You maintain Gold status without meeting otherwise required criteria only while an eligible Card Member or until American Express notifies you that the benefit is terminated. Hilton Honors membership, earning and redemption of Points are subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions. All Hampton by Hilton hotels in the Republic of China are excluded from the Hilton Honors program. Visit hiltonhonors.com/terms for more details. ©2018 Hilton

InCircle®To get InCircle points, you must enroll your Business Platinum Card into InCircle. Once you have enrolled into InCircle, you will receive one InCircle point for each dollar of eligible purchases charged on your enrolled Business Platinum Card at Neiman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman, Last Call, Horchow or Cusp. For every 10,000 points you receive, you'll get a $100 InCircle Point Card, no redeeming necessary. Points cannot be received on sales tax, shipping, alterations, gift packaging, fur services, repair and cleaning of shoes, handbags, optical, precious jewelry, monogramming, salon services, and valet parking. To be eligible to receive Membership Rewards® points, you must be enrolled in the Membership Rewards® program at the time of purchase and you must charge your purchases to an eligible, enrolled American Express Card.For more information or to enroll into InCircle, call the number on the back of your Business Platinum Card.

International Airline ProgramThe discount applies to the base airfare of the ticket/s. All ticket/s are subject to government imposed taxes/fees and airline-imposed fuel/security surcharges/mandatory non-refundable fees. All ticket/s purchased through the program will have all valid fare rules and restrictions apply. Tickets will only be refundable if the ticket purchased is in a refundable fare class. Non-refundable American Express service fee of $39 (per ticket) applies to each ticket purchased through the program and itinerary change; this ticketing fee is waived for U.S. Centurion® Members. Airlines reserve right to modify fare rules/program participation prior to booking. Tickets are non-transferable or endorsable. To receive discount, the purchase of the qualifying First, Business, or Premium Economy Class ticket/s on a participating airline must be made over the phone through American Express Travel ( Platinum Travel Service, Business Platinum Travel, or Centurion Travel Service) and paid in full with an American Express Card in the U.S. Platinum Card Member's or U.S. Centurion® Member's name. Available for U.S. Platinum Charge Card Members and U.S. Centurion® Members only, and excludes Platinum Credit Card Members such as Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Card Members who are not also U.S. Platinum Charge Card Members or U.S. Centurion® Members. Travel must originate in and return to U.S. gateway (may exclude certain overseas territories) and select Canadian gateways. One-way travel permitted on some airlines where routing originates in U.S. or select Canadian Gateways. Available service classes in First, Business or Premium Economy are subject to airline availability. Card Member and up to seven additional First, Business or Premium Economy Class passengers must travel on same air itinerary. Not combinable with any other promotion and may not be available on all participating airline's code-share partners, i.e., flights marketed by the ticketing airline but operated by its code-share partner. Participating airlines and benefits are subject to change. Limited time airline flash sales and private sale fare offers are excluded. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms. California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.

Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guaranteed" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, and (4) rates booked through the FINE HOTELS & RESORTS program. Details

Membership Rewards® Pay With PointsTo use Pay with Points, you must charge your eligible purchase through American Express Travel to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Card. Eligible purchases through American Express Travel exclude car reservations and non-prepaid hotels. Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card account used. If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price will remain on the American Express Card account. Minimum redemption 5,000 points.See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and conditions.If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Linked Account the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead the statement credit may be applied to your Pay in Full balance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by calling the number on the back of your Card.

Membership Rewards® ProgramTerms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice. The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.

Membership Rewards® Program - Transfer PointsEnrollment in a participating Frequent Flyer or Frequent Guest program is required. Airline tickets and guest rooms are subject to availability. For each conversion of points into the Frequent Flyer program of a U.S. airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee of $99, will be charged to your Card account. We charge this fee to offset the federal excise tax we must pay on such conversions. The fee may be more or less than the actual amount of the excise tax we pay on any individual conversion. We may offer you the option to redeem points to cover this fee.

No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.

No Interest ChargesIf you become eligible, you may be given the option to extend payment over time on certain charges using our Pay Over Time feature. If you use this feature, you may accrue interest on any charges you choose to pay over time.

No Preset Spending LimitNo preset spending limit does not mean unlimited spending. Purchasing power adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record and financial resources known to us, and other factors.

Pay Over Time FeatureIf eligible, you may be given the option to enroll in a Pay Over Time feature that allows you to pay certain purchases over time. If you choose to enroll in this feature, you will accrue interest on eligible purchases when you choose to carry a balance. 

Premium Global Assist® HotlineWhile Premium Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members may be responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. Premium Global Assist Hotline may provide emergency medical transportation assistance at no cost if approved and coordinated by Premium Global Assist Hotline. For full Terms and Conditions call 1-800-345-AMEX or see americanexpress.com/GAterms.

Premium Private Jet ProgramPremium Private Jet Program: On-Demand Charters/Membership Program: Valid for new bookings made by calling American Express Travel and fulfilled by Delta Private Jets, Inc. (see "Delta Private Jets", below). Payment must be made with a U.S. American Express Card issued in the Platinum Card Member or Centurion Member's name. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. May not be combined with other offers. Benefits listed are non-transferable and are not redeemable for cash. Participating provider and benefits subject to change. Delta Private Jets: Flights are operated by Delta Private Jets, Inc., an FAA-certificated Part 135 air carrier, or by another FAA-certificated Part 135 or Part 121 air carrier in Delta Private Jets' network of affiliated operators. All charter flights are subject to Delta Private Jets' charter terms and conditions, which must be executed at the time of booking. All Delta Private Jets Jet Card purchases are subject to the Jet Card Agreement, which must be executed at the time of funding. The 20% discount on Delta scheduled flights (applicable to published fares excluding taxes and fees) is limited to select fare classes on Delta-marketed and operated flights and requires booking through a Delta Private Jets Jet Card account representative; full terms are provided in the Jet Card Agreement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, subsidiaries and affiliate (such entities together referred to as "Amex") do not possess DOT or FAA authority to engage in air transportation. American Express is not responsible for the acts or omissions of its service providers, and by participating you waive any implied warranties and disclaim reliance on any representations made by American Express regarding service provider's qualifications, certifications, or fitness to conduct flights.

Premium Roadside AssistancePremium Roadside Assistance provides the following services at no additional cost up to 4 times per calendar year when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle: towing up to 10 miles, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Card Member will be charged for the costs of towing in excess of 10 miles and any other additional services. Coverage is available in the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. In case of inclement weather, we may be unable to provide you with services. Services may not be available or may be at the cost of the Card Member on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.

Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.

Rewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, conditions and restrictions vary by individual Card products.

Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.

SkyMiles ProgramAll SkyMiles® program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Taxes and fees for Award Travel are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the ticket is booked. Award Travel seats are limited and may not be available on all flights or in all markets. Partners airline benefits subject to change and subject to the terms and conditions of each partner. All Delta Sky Club rules apply to Delta Sky Club use. To review the rules visit Delta.com/skyclub. Offer, rules and benefits subject to change.

Spend ManagerSpend ManagerSM is a feature of American Express Business and Corporate Cards. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed. Receipts will be stored until the earliest of the following: (1) seven years from the end of the year that the receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that your online account is closed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, American Express may delete or purge receipts for any reason in its sole discretion, with or without notice.

Spend Manager and Connect to QuickBooksSpend ManagerSM and Connect to QuickBooks® are two separate business tools available with Business Cards from American Express OPEN that were created to work together. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed in your QuickBooks. You must enroll in Connect to QuickBooks from your American Express online account. Connect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online. For details about Spend ManagerSM, go to www.open.com/spendmanager. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.

Spend Manager Mobile AppThe Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available with American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Not all functionality is available with Corporate Cards. The Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available on the App Store(R) and Google Play™. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.

Starwood Preferred Guest GoldAs a Platinum Card® Member or Business Platinum Card® Member you are eligible to enroll in complimentary Starwood Preferred Guest® (SPG ®) Gold Preferred Guest status. Once you request enrollment within the Starwood Preferred Guest Program at Gold level, American Express will share your enrollment information with Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. (“Starwood”). Starwood may use this information in accordance with its privacy statement available at spg.com/privacy. You will maintain Gold Preferred Guest status without meeting otherwise required SPG Program criteria as long as you remain an eligible American Express Card Member or until American Express notifies you that the benefit is terminated. SPG member benefits are subject to change, availability and certain eligibility requirements. Reservations booked through third parties and online booking sources are not eligible. For complete SPG Program terms visit www.spg.com/terms. SPG program amenities may be combined with the FINE HOTELS & RESORTS program. Upgrades are based upon availability and will vary by property.

The Boingo American Express Preferred PlanComplimentary access to Boingo Wi–Fi is being provided as a benefit to Card Members with eligible Cards. In order to access the benefit, Card Members with eligible Cards must first be authenticated and create a Boingo American Express Preferred Plan (or, the “AXP Plan”) account. Internet access may be required in order to be authenticated and create an account. For questions on eligibility, call the number on the back of your Card. If you submit your American Express Card number to Boingo to verify that your Card is eligible for this benefit, Boingo will send your Card number to American Express. Upon receipt of your Card number from Boingo, American Express will provide confirmation of your Card‘s eligibility for the American Express Preferred Plan to Boingo. Boingo will not store or use your Card number for any other purpose. Boingo‘s use of this information is subject to its privacy policy.If you have an existing paid Boingo subscription plan, your existing plan will not be automatically cancelled when you enroll in the AXP Plan. If you would like to cancel any existing paid subscription plan, call Boingo‘s dedicated AXP Plan line. The AXP Plan only provides access to land–based Wi–Fi services and does not include in–flight Wi–Fi. Available hotspots in Boingo‘s network, including those managed and operated by Boingo and its partners (“Boingo‘s Network”) are subject to change at any time. Visit http://wifi.boingo.com to locate hotspots. Your use of Boingo‘s Wi–Fi services is subject to Boingo‘s End User License Agreement and Customer Agreement and other applicable terms and conditions, including Boingo‘s privacy and security policies, available at www.boingo.com. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Boingo‘s terms and conditions, American Express Card Members with eligible Cards (i) will not be charged for enrollment in the AXP Plan, and (ii) will be permitted to connect no more than four devices to Boingo‘s Network per month. Simultaneous use of devices with a single account is limited to a hotspot. By subscribing for this benefit, you acknowledge that American Express is not responsible for and does not guarantee the quality, security, coverage or availability of Boingo‘s Network or the free Wi–Fi hotspots accessed through the Wi–Finder App. You agree that use of Wi–Fi accessed through Boingo is at your own risk. Use of the AXP Plan is limited to authorized Card Members only. This benefit is non–transferable, it is your responsibility to ensure that no one else has access to your account details. Your account may be terminated for breach of any terms or conditions or for abuse of your AXP Plan account.From time to time, Boingo may request that you re–authenticate your Boingo American Express Preferred Plan account in order to confirm that you are still a Card Member with an eligible Card. You can receive alerts and connect seamlessly to Boingo by downloading the Wi–Finder App to your laptop, tablet and mobile devices. This benefit is subject to change or cancellation without notice.

The Centurion LoungePlatinum Card Members have unlimited complimentary access to all locations of The Centurion Lounge. Gold Card and Green Card Additional Cards on your Platinum Card account are not eligible for complimentary access. Card Members may bring up to two (2) companions into The Centurion Lounge. To access The Centurion Lounge, the Card Member must present The Centurion Lounge agent with the following upon each visit: his or her valid Card, a boarding pass showing a confirmed reservation for same-day travel on any carrier and a government-issued I.D. Failure to present this documentation may result in access being denied. Card Members will not be compensated for changes in locations, rates or policies. A Card Member must be at least 18 years of age to enter without a parent or legal guardian. For locations with a self-service bar, the Card Member must be of legal drinking age in the location's jurisdiction to enter without a parent or legal guardian. Must be of legal drinking age to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. American Express reserves the right to remove any person from the Lounge for inappropriate behavior or failure to adhere to rules, including, but not limited to, conduct that is disruptive, abusive or violent. Access is subject to space availability. Hours may vary by location and are subject to change. Amenities vary among The Centurion Lounge locations and are subject to change. Services and amenities in the Lounge are complimentary, however you are responsible for any purchases and/or servicing charges you authorize our Member Services Professionals to perform on your behalf. Some American Express Cards are not eligible for all services provided by Member Services Desk. American Express will not be liable for any articles lost or stolen or damages suffered by the purchaser or visitor inside The Centurion Lounge. Use of The Centurion Lounge is subject to all rules and conditions set by American Express. American Express reserves the right to revise the rules at any time without notice. ©2018 American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. All rights reserved

The Hotel CollectionThe Hotel Collection: Valid for new bookings with participating providers of at least two consecutive nights made through Platinum Travel Service, Business Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Service,amextravel.com or any American Express Travel location. Available only for the following U.S. American Express Card Members: Consumer and Business Gold Card Members, and Business Gold Rewards Card Members, Consumer and Business Platinum Card ® Members and Consumer and Business Centurion® Members (“Eligible Card Members”). The term “Eligible Card Members” does not include Gold and Platinum Credit Card Members such as Gold Delta SkyMiles® Card Members. Payment must be made in full with an American Express Card in the Eligible Card Member's name. Eligible Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Eligible Card Member will receive hotel credit upon checkout equal to $1 for each eligible dollar spent, up to $75, which amount will be credited upon check-out based on qualifying charges made by the Eligible Card Member excluding charges for taxes, gratuities, fees and cost of room. Additional exclusions based on specific hotel restrictions may also apply (including without limitation purchases within the hotel that are unaffiliated and/or owned by third parties) – see applicable hotel front desk for details. Credit cannot be carried over to another stay, is not redeemable for cash and expires at check-out. Credit is non-exchangeable and non-refundable and is applied in USD or equivalent in local currency based on exchange rate on day of arrival. May not be combined with other offers or programs unless indicated. Limit one credit per room, per stay. Room upgrade is based on availability and eligibility at check-in. Three-room limit per Eligible Card Member per stay; back-to-back stays within a 24-hour period at the same property are considered one stay. Hotel nightly rates vary by property, dates, room category and occupancy. Participating providers and benefits are subject to change. For bookings made on amextravel.com, eligible Card Members receive Double Points on each The Hotel Collection booking or can use Pay with Points.

The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders GroupOnly American Express Gold, Premier Rewards Gold, Classic Gold, Traditional Gold, Senior Gold, Ameriprise Gold, Business Gold Rewards, Platinum, Morgan Stanley Platinum, Mercedes Platinum, Schwab Platinum, Ameriprise Platinum, Goldman Sachs Platinum and Business Platinum Card® Members, who are residents of the United States, its territories or possessions, are eligible to enroll in complimentary membership to The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders Group. Benefit available to Basic Card Member only, except that additional Card Members on Gold, Premier Rewards Gold, Classic Gold, Traditional Gold, Senior Gold and Ameriprise Gold Card accounts are also eligible to enroll in complimentary membership. To enroll, you must call Travel Leaders Group at 877-485-8053. Travel Leaders Group will use your enrollment information in accordance with its privacy statement available at tlcstaging.vacation.com/Public/Privacy. Once enrolled, you will remain a members in The Travel Collection as long as you remain an eligible American Express Card Member, until you cancel your enrollment or until American Express notifies you that the benefit is terminated. To un-enroll, you must call Travel Leaders Group at 877-485-8053. The Travel Collection member benefits, amenities and offers are subject to change. For complete program terms on The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders Group visit tlcstaging.vacation.com/Public/Program-Terms.

Tier One Program TermsLast Modified: January 2018 Tier One(R) Program The Tier One Program (the “Program”) offers additional benefits to certain business customers of American Express that (1) meet the Eligibility Requirements set forth below and (2) are selected by American Express to participate in the Program for the upcoming program year (April - March, a “Program Year”). Program benefits will be determined by American Express in its sole discretion and may vary from year to year. Eligibility Requirements In order to be considered for the Program, a business must: be the business named on one or more U.S.- issued Business Charge Cards or Corporate Cards from American Express; have its billing address in the United States (including the District of Columbia, American Samoa, Armed Forces Pacific, Federated States of Micronesia, Guam, Marshall Islands, Northern Mariana Islands, Palau, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands);  not have been enrolled in the American Express CARE Program, or any other hardship program with American Express, nor have been subject to a Responsible Lending Action by American Express, during the previous calendar year (the preceding January 1 – December 31, the “Previous Year”); not have any transitional recovery products from American Express during the Previous Year; not have any Business Card account that has been 30 days or more past due during the Previous Year; not have any Corporate Card program, Business Travel Account or Buyer Initiated Payment program with total 30 day or more past due balances exceeding 10% of total outstanding balance and exceeding $5,000 in total during the Previous Year;  have made eligible purchases* totaling $5 million or more in the aggregate in the Previous Year, across all of its American Express U.S.-issued: Business Charge Card and Business Credit Card Accounts (including purchases made by Additional Card Members), Corporate Card Accounts, and Business Travel Accounts, and through the American Express Buyer Initiated Payments platform in the U.S. (the “Spending Requirement”).  *Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, Purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Product features vary. Not all of the foregoing transactions are available on every product that may be used to meet the Spending Requirement.  We use the date of purchase to determine whether a purchase was made during the Previous Year. A date of purchase may sometimes be different from the date on which you made the transaction. For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped. Also, if you use your Card while traveling (such as on a hotel or car rental), the purchase date may be the date you complete that travel. The foregoing are the “Eligibility Requirements”.Selection At the beginning of each calendar year, American Express will (1) determine which businesses met the Eligibility Requirements in the Previous Year, and, from that group, (2) identify the businesses that American Express, in its sole discretion, considers to be part of its middle market customer segment in the U.S. (“Eligible Middle Market Customers”). All Eligible Middle Market Customers will be included in the Program for the next Program Year, or until their participation in the Program is terminated in accordance with these Program Terms.  Termination of Tier One Status A business’s participation in the Program will automatically terminate upon the termination of its last American Express U.S. Business Charge Card or Corporate Card account, or at the end of the Program Year if the business is not selected for the Program for the following Program Year in accordance with these Program Terms. American Express may, in its sole discretion, terminate a business’s participation in the Program by written notice during the Program Year. American Express will have no further liability or obligation under the Program upon termination of a business’s participation in the Program. Participation in the Program, will not affect American Express’s maintenance of all Card accounts in accordance with its consistently applied risk policies and practices, including but not limited to underwriting decisions such as increasing or reducing spend capacity or lines of credit, and terminating accounts.  Interpretation Decisions of American Express with respect to the interpretation and application of these Program Terms – including decisions about a business’s eligibility for the Program – will be made by American Express in its sole discretion. If you have questions about your business’s eligibility for the Program, please call the number on the back of your Business Card or contact 1-888-800-8564. Modification of Tier One Program Terms American Express reserves the right to modify these Program Terms at any time. We will indicate that changes have been made by updating the “Last Modified” date above. Your continued participation in the Program after the Program Terms have been modified constitutes your agreement to the modified Program Terms. MODIFICATION & CANCELLATION OF THE PROGRAM American Express reserves the right to modify or cancel the Program at any time at its discretion without prior notice or liability to you.

Using Points for ChargesUsing Points for Your Charges is only available to Basic Consumer and OPEN Card Members enrolled in the U.S. Membership Rewards® program. Additional Card Members, Authorized Additional Card Members, and Corporate Card Members are not eligible. Account managers and Rewards managers may be eligible to use points by calling the number on the back of your Card but are not eligible to use points online. All Linked Card Accounts must not be canceled, past due or have a returned payment outstanding. A minimum of 1,000 Membership Rewards points in your program Account is required and you may use Membership Rewards points only toward the entire amount of an eligible charge. American Express will present the eligible charges you can use points towards, and we may change which charges are eligible at any time without notice. American Express is under no obligation to make charges available for redemption using Membership Rewards points. For each transaction, points will be debited immediately from your Membership Rewards program Account and a credit will be issued to your Linked Card Account for the corresponding dollar amount within 48 hours. Credits processed after the Card Account's statement closing date will appear in the following billing period. You are responsible for payment of the amount due on your Card Account by the due date even after using this feature. To learn about this feature and redeem points online, visit membershiprewards.com/yourcharges.

Year–End SummaryThe Online Year–End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.

AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide
Baggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.

Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as damages to other vehicles or property, or injury to other persons. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.

Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.

Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.

Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.


