PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO READ IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATION BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION.
Important information regarding rates, fees, and other cost informationInterest Rates on Pay Over Time BalanceAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Pay Over Time Feature15.24% (Prime Rate + 10.99%) to 23.24% (Prime Rate + 18.99%), based on your creditworthiness as determined at the time of account opening.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When It Applies29.99% (Prime Rate + 25.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR will apply to your account if:1) You make 2 or more late payments in a 12-month period;2) You do not pay the Minimum Payment due by the closing date of the billing period in which it is due and you still do not pay it by the Closing Date of the next billing period; or3) You make a payment that is returned.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for a minimum of 12 billing periods in a row, and will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments for 12 billing periods in a row.Paying InterestYour due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period.
We will not charge you interest if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.FeesAnnual Membership Fee$295Transaction Fees Foreign TransactionNonePenalty Fees Late Payment$39 or 2.99% of any past due Pay in Full amount, whichever is greater.Returned Payment$39How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%.Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period.
The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day.
If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published.
If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will increase.
In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due.
When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period.
Variable APRs are accurate as of [CURRENT_DATE].
TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement.
By submitting this application, you, as an individual and the Authorizing Officer of the Company, (a) are requesting us to open an Account in the name of the Company, (b) are requesting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be jointly and severally liable with the Company for all charges to the account, and (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES.
Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be approved for a Card Account.
This offer is available to US Residents.
When you use the Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you for the Account.
The Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which impacts the opportunity to have claims related to the Account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding.
We may change the terms of, or add new terms to, the Card Member Agreement at any time, subject to applicable law.
We may apply any changed or new terms to any existing and future balances on your Account, subject to applicable law.
   You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate.
You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies.
You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law.
Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.
Additional Cards: You must notify Additional Card Members that we may obtain, provide, and use information about them and that their use of your Account is subject to certain provisions of the Card Member Agreement.
The maximum number of additional cards issued on each account is 99.
Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.
 New York Residents: New York Residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods.
New York State Department of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govNotice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.
The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.
The American Express® Business Gold Card is issued by American Express National Bank.
©2020 American Express National Bank.POID GEDE:0001OFFER TERMSWelcome offer not available to applicants who have or have had this Card.
We may also consider the number of American Express Cards you have opened and closed as well as other factors in making a decision on your welcome offer eligibility.You can earn 35,000 Membership Rewards points after you spend $5,000 or more in eligible purchases on your Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved.
In rare instances, your period to $5,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card.
Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction.
(For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped).
The Membership Rewards points will be credited to your Membership Rewards account 8-12 weeks after the Threshold Amount is met.
 If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome offer (s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit membership reward points to, we may freeze membership reward points credited to, or we may take away membership reward points from your account.
We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us.
 Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply.
Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information.
Participating partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice.
 The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them.
To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.BENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.25% Airline Bonus DisclosureTo use Pay with Points, you must charge your eligible airfare purchase through American Express Travel to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Card.
Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card account used.
If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price will remain on the American Express Card account.
Points must be used at the time of booking.
Pay with Points requires a minimum redemption of 5,000 points.Business Gold Card Members will receive 2.5 extra points for every 10 points they redeem for either a First or Business class flight on any airline, or for flights with their selected qualifying airline using Membership Rewards Pay with Points through American Express Travel (25% Airline Bonus), up to 250,000 bonus points per calendar year, per each Membership Rewards account.
For First or Business class flights on a Card Member’s selected qualifying airline, the Card Member will still receive only 2.5 extra points for every 10 points redeemed.
Card Member must select a qualifying airline at https://global.americanexpress.com/card-benefits/detail/airline-choice/business-gold.
Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Card Account can select the qualifying airline.
Card Members who have not chosen a qualifying airline will be able to do so at any time.
Card Members who have already selected a qualifying airline will be able to change their choice one time each year in January at https://global.americanexpress.com/card-benefits/detail/airline-choice/business-gold or by calling the number on the back of their Card.
Card Members who do not change their airline selection will remain with their current airline.If you select Spirit Airlines, Southwest Airlines, or AirTran Airways, to receive your 25% Airline Bonus you must call American Express Travel and Lifestyle Services at 1-800-428-0253.A flight booked as part of a travel package or booked with the American Express U.S.
Representative Travel Network is not eligible for the 25% Airline Bonus.
In addition, to be eligible to receive extra points, Card account(s) must not be canceled or past due at the time of extra points fulfillment.
If booking is canceled, the extra points will be deducted from your Membership Rewards account.
Extra points will be credited to your Membership Rewards account approximately 6-10 weeks after eligible airfare purchases appear on your billing statement.
See membershiprewards.com/terms for Membership Rewards program terms and conditions.
This 25% Airline Bonus is the maximum Membership Rewards points you can get back for Pay with Points on flights booked through American Express Travel.
Bonus ID: B4JN4X Retroactive BonusHow the 4X Points Benefit Works With your American Express® Business Gold Card, you get at least one Membership Rewards® point for each dollar you spend on your Card for eligible purchases.
You also get 3 additional points per dollar (for a total of 4 points), on the 2 categories (of 6) where you spend the most each billing cycle, up to the first $150,000 in combined eligible purchases from these 2 categories each calendar year.
Eligible purchases in excess of $150,000 in a calendar year will receive only one point per dollar spent.
Determining Your Top 2 Categories To calculate your top 2 categories each billing cycle, we use your posted account transactions that fall into the 6 categories below and issue additional points based on your 2 highest categories of total spend less returns and credits in that same billing cycle.
You will only earn 3 additional points in 2 categories each billing cycle even if you have equal spend in more than 2 categories.
The 6 categories that qualify for additional points are: (1) airfare on a scheduled flight charged directly with passenger airlines (charter flights and private jet flights are excluded); (2) advertising purchased in the U.S.
to promote your business online, on television, or on the radio; (3) computer hardware, software, and cloud computing purchases in the U.S.
made directly from select technology providers (the current list of select technology providers is available at: americanexpress.com/rewards-info); (4) gasoline at gas stations located in the U.S.
(superstores, supermarkets and warehouse clubs that sell gasoline are not considered gas stations); (5) restaurants located in the U.S.; and (6) shipping services purchased in the U.S.
for courier, postal, and freight.
General Terms Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits.
Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents.
Additional terms and restrictions apply.
Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell.
A purchase will not receive additional points if the merchant's code is not eligible.
Purchases made through third-parties (including resellers and online marketplaces) or through a third-party payment account will not receive additional points.
A purchase may not receive additional points if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet.Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S.
Mailing Address and Social Security Number.American Express Business AppThe American Express® Business App is available with American Express Business and Corporate Cards.
Functionality may differ based on Card product or program.
American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed.
Receipts will be stored until the earliest of the following: (1) seven years from the end of the calendar year that the receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that your online account is closed.
American Express reserves the right to delete or purge receipts for any reason in its sole discretion, with or without notice.
The Amex® Business App is available on the App Store® and Google Play™.
Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S.
and other countries.
App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.American Express ExperiencesOffer valid in select cities.
During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members.
Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card.
Standard service charges apply.
Offer is subject to availability.
Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply.
All sales final.
No refunds.
No exchanges.
Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express.
Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.American Express Preferred SeatingThe American Express Preferred Seating program is exclusively available to eligible* Card Members.
 Enter the 10-digit Customer Service phone number on the back of your eligible Card when prompted to purchase tickets online, on a mobile device, or over the phone.
 *Preferred Seating is available to our U.S.
Card Members with the following cards:  Platinum Card® or Centurion® Card from American Express, Business Platinum Card®, Business Centurion® Card from American Express, Corporate Platinum Card® or Corporate Centurion® Card from American Express, Delta SkyMiles® Platinum American Express Card, Delta SkyMiles® Platinum Business American Express Card, Delta SkyMiles® Reserve American Express Card, Delta SkyMiles® Reserve Business American Express Card, American Express® Gold Card, Classic Business Gold Card, Business Gold Card, Business Gold Rewards Card, American Express® Corporate Gold Card, the Executive Business Card, Hilton Honors American Express Surpass® Card, Hilton Honors Aspire Card, Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant™ American Express Card, or the Marriott Bonvoy™ American Express Card.
 Tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions and fees set by the official ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue, as applicable.
Offer is fulfilled by official ticket seller, subject to availability and may be changed or revoked at any time.
Not all seats available and blackout dates may apply.
All sales final.
No refunds.
No exchanges.American Express Presale(s)American Express® Card Members have exclusive access to tickets before the general public for the specified sales window.
Simply pay with your American Express® Card.
Tickets are subject to the rules, terms & conditions, and fees set by the ticket seller, promoter and/or the venue, as applicable.
Offer is fulfilled by ticket seller, subject to availability and may be changed or revoked at any time.
Not all seats available and blackout dates may apply.
All sales final.
No refunds.
No exchanges.American Express SeatingThe American Express Seating program is available to all Card Members.
Simply pay with your American Express® Card.
Tickets are subject to the rules, terms & conditions, and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue, as applicable.
Offer is fulfilled by ticket seller, subject to availability and may be changed or revoked at any time.
Not all seats available and blackout dates may apply.
All sales final.
No refunds.
No exchanges.American Express® AppThe American Express® App and app features are available only for eligible Card accounts in the United States.
American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.
To log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.Employee Card - Category AlertsMerchants are categorized based on what they primarily sell.
You will not receive an alert if an Employee makes a purchase at a merchant from an approved category, whether or not you consider that purchase to be a part of a particular category.Employee Card Spending LimitsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be set up online or by calling the number on the back of your Card.
The Spending Limit is not a guarantee that the Employee Card Member will be able to make purchases up to that limit.
There are certain purchases where the limit does not apply, such as, for example, restaurant tips and hotel stays extended beyond their original reservation period, and the overall Account capacity is taken into consideration.
You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit.
For more information on the application of the limit, please refer to the Employee Card Spending Limits Terms and Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, which will also be provided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this feature.Extra Membership Rewards® points at amextravel.com2x Points Membership Rewards-enrolled Card Members get at least 1 Membership Rewards® point for every eligible dollar spent on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card.
Those same Card Members will also get at least 1 additional point for each dollar of eligible travel purchases made on amextravel.com on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express Card.
Eligible travel purchases include all travel purchases made with your Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card on amextravel.com, including air, prepaid hotels, vacation packages (flight + hotel packages) or cruise reservations, minus returns and other credits.
Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members are only eligible for 1 additional point on cruise reservations.
Eligible travel purchases do NOT include car reservations, non-prepaid hotels, ticketing service or other fees, or interest charges.
Bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase categories or in connection with promotions or offers from American Express may not be combined with this offer, such as 5X bonuses for Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members.
Any portion of a charge that you elect to cover through redemption of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to receive points.
If you have an Amex EveryDay Card product, additional points awarded under this offer will not be included in the extra points benefit.
Additional points will be credited to the Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after final payment is made.FX International Payments Live Exchange Rates disclosureAmerican Express may provide indicative foreign exchange rates outside of business hours, which are 8:30 am to 4:45 pm Eastern Time, Monday to Friday, holidays excluded.
 FXIP disclosure when using the claim "secure"FX International Payments incorporates encryption, both for stored data (such as account information) and for payments created and transmitted in real-time.
The FX International Payments platform is deployed within American Express' state of the art data center that features advanced online and offline security and monitoring against internet attacks.
FX International Payments implements American Express standards relating to information integrity, transaction security and information security.FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.
(“American Express“).
This service is not available to consumers.
To enroll in the service, your business will be required to complete an application which is subject to review and approval by American Express.
For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 1-833-319-7265.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.
For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeValid only for American Express Card Members.
If you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference.
Your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in.
The "Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, or (4) rates booked through the Fine Hotels & Resorts® and The Hotel Collection programs.
DetailsMembership Rewards® Pay with PointsTo use Pay with Points, you must charge your eligible purchase through American Express Travel to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Card.
Eligible purchases through American Express Travel exclude car reservations and non-prepaid hotels.
Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card account used.
If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price will remain on the American Express Card account.
Minimum redemption 5,000 points.See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and conditions.If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Linked Account the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance.
Instead the statement credit may be applied to your Pay in Full balance.
If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by calling the number on the back of your Card.Membership Rewards® ProgramTerms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply.
Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information.
Participating partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice.
The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them.
To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.Membership Rewards® Program - Transfer PointsEnrollment in a participating Frequent Flyer or Frequent Guest program is required.
Airline tickets and guest rooms are subject to availability.
For each conversion of points into the Frequent Flyer program of a U.S.
airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee of $99, will be charged to your Card account.
We charge this fee to offset the federal excise tax we must pay on such conversions.
The fee may be more or less than the actual amount of the excise tax we pay on any individual conversion.
We may offer you the option to redeem points to cover this fee.Membership Rewards® Program - Transfer Points (Domestic Airlines)Enrollment in a participating Frequent Flyer program is required.
Airline tickets are subject to availability.
For each conversion of points into the Frequent Flyer program of a U.S.
airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee of $99, will be charged to your Card account.
We charge this fee to offset the federal excise tax we must pay on such conversions.
The fee may be more or less than the actual amount of the excise tax we pay on any individual conversion.
We may offer you the option to redeem points to cover this fee.No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card.
However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.No Preset Spending LimitNo preset spending limit does not mean unlimited spending.
Purchasing power adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record and financial resources known to us, and other factors.Pay Over Time OptionEligible Charges A charge made by you or any additional Card Member on your account is eligible to be paid over time if it is equal to or more than $100 and is approved by us.
The following types of charges are ineligible for the Pay Over Time option: Cash and Express Cash, American Express® Travelers Cheques and other cash equivalents, casinos and other gambling transactions, any fees owed to American Express except foreign transaction fees, and other transactions designated by us.
Pay Over Time settings The Pay Over Time option on your account is initially set to On.
When set to On, eligible charges will be automatically placed in your Pay Over Time balance.
You may alternate between On and Off settings.
When turned Off, no new charges will be included in your Pay Over Time balance.
You can change this setting by calling the number on the back of your Card.
Interest on your Pay Over Time balance For transactions added to your Pay Over Time balance, we will charge interest beginning on the date of each transaction.
We will not charge interest on charges added to your Pay Over Time balance if you pay the account Total New Balance by the due date each month.
You must pay at least the Minimum Payment Due by the Payment Due Date each month.
The Minimum Payment Due includes all Pay In Full charges, any interest accrued on your account and a portion of your Pay Over Time balance.
Pay Over Time limit We assign a Pay Over Time limit to your account.
We will not place any charge into a Pay Over Time balance if it causes your Pay Over Time balance to go over your Pay Over Time limit.
A charge may be ineligible to be paid over time even if it would not cause your Pay Over Time balance to exceed the Pay Over Time limit.
We may increase or decrease the amount of your Pay Over Time limit and will tell you if we change that amount.
Your Pay Over Time limit is the amount you may carry as a balance.
This limit may be different than the total amount you are allowed to spend on your Card.Rewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, conditions and restrictions vary by individual Card products.Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers.
We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors.
For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.The Hotel CollectionThe Hotel Collection: Valid for new bookings with participating providers of at least two consecutive nights made through Platinum Travel Service, Business Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Service, amextravel.com or any American Express Travel location.
Available only for the following U.S.
American Express Card Members: Consumer and Business Gold Card Members, Classic Business Gold Card and Business Gold Rewards Card Members, Consumer and Business Platinum Card® Members and Consumer and Business Centurion® Members ("Eligible Card Members").
The term "Eligible Card Members" does not include Gold and Platinum Credit Card Members such as Gold Delta SkyMiles® Card Members.
Payment must be made in full with an American Express Card in the Eligible Card Member's name.
Eligible Card Member must travel on itinerary booked.
Eligible Card Member will receive hotel credit upon checkout equal to $1 for each eligible dollar spent, up to $100, which amount will be credited upon check-out based on qualifying charges made by the Eligible Card Member excluding charges for taxes, gratuities, fees and cost of room.
Additional exclusions based on specific hotel restrictions may also apply (including without limitation purchases within the hotel that are unaffiliated and/or owned by third parties) - see applicable hotel front desk for details.
Credit cannot be carried over to another stay, is not redeemable for cash and expires at check-out.
Credit is non-exchangeable and non-refundable and is applied in USD or equivalent in local currency based on exchange rate on day of arrival.
May not be combined with other offers or programs unless indicated.
Limit one credit per room, per stay.
Room upgrade is based on availability and eligibility at check-in.
Three-room limit per Eligible Card Member per stay; back-to-back stays within a 24-hour period at the same property are considered one stay.
Hotel nightly rates vary by property, dates, room category and occupancy.
Participating providers and benefits are subject to change.The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders GroupOnly American Express Gold, Classic Gold, Traditional Gold, Senior Gold, Ameriprise Gold, Business Gold Rewards, Business Gold Card, Platinum, Morgan Stanley Platinum, Schwab Platinum, Ameriprise Platinum, Goldman Sachs Platinum and Business Platinum Card® Members, who are residents of the United States, its territories or possessions, are eligible to enroll in complimentary membership to The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders Group.
Benefit available to Basic Card Member only, except that additional Card Members on Gold, Classic Gold, Traditional Gold, Senior Gold and Ameriprise Gold Card accounts are also eligible to enroll in complimentary membership.
Enrollment is available by visiting thetravelcollection.com and following the enrollment instructions or by calling Travel Leaders Group at 877-485-8053.
Travel Leaders Group will use your enrollment information in accordance with its privacy statement available at www.travelleadersgroup.com/privacy-policy.
Once enrolled, you will remain a member in The Travel Collection as long as you remain an eligible American Express Card Member, until you cancel your enrollment or until American Express notifies you that the benefit is terminated.
To un-enroll, you must call Travel Leaders Group at 877-485-8053.
The Travel Collection member benefits, amenities and offers are subject to change.
For complete program terms on The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders Group visit thetravelcollection.vacation.com/Public/Program-Terms.Upgrade with Points Terms and ConditionsWhen you use Upgrade with Points to request an airline ticket upgrade, three things will happen: (i) If the airline upgrades your ticket(s), your Card Account will be charged for the upgrade; (ii) American Express will deduct the Membership Rewards points you offered for the upgrade from your program account; and (iii) American Express will apply an accompanying credit to your Card Account for those points.
If the airline upgrades your ticket(s) and the number of points available in your Membership Rewards program account is less than the number of points you originally offered, American Express will deduct only the number of points available and you will receive an accompanying credit only for that number of points.
The credit to your Card Account may appear during a different billing cycle than the charge for upgrade.
You are still responsible for paying the amount due on your Card statement by the due date.
Any applicable taxes and fees in connection with an airline ticket upgrade will be charged to your Card Account and cannot be covered with points.
The value of the points you offer is determined at the time your upgrade offer is accepted by the airline and may change after your upgrade offer has been submitted if you subsequently upgrade or downgrade your Card Account.
Once accepted by the airline, your upgrade offer is nonrefundable, non-changeable, and points cannot be returned to your Membership Rewards program account.
 Each airline determines whether to accept upgrade offers and which upgrade offers it will accept based on factors it determines in its discretion, including the amount of an offer.
While it is possible for airlines to accept an upgrade offer at any time after offer submission, most upgrades are processed between 5 and 1 days before departure, and some are processed as close as 1 hour before departure.
If your flight reservation includes tickets for more than one passenger, the tickets for all passengers on the reservation will be upgraded if your upgrade offer is accepted by the airline.
If you would like to upgrade only certain passengers, you must contact the airline to split your reservation prior to requesting an upgrade.
If your Card offers additional points for flights purchased directly from an airline, you will not receive additional points for your upgrade purchase.
Participating airlines’ Terms & Conditions apply.
Participating airlines are subject to change at any time without notice.
Participating airline products and services are subject to change.
American Express reserves the right to cancel any upgrade offers or discontinue the Upgrade with Points program at any time.
 If you use a Pay Over Time feature for a purchase using Upgrade with Points, the statement credit you receive may not be applied to that feature.
Instead, it might be applied to your Pay in Full balance.
If you think this has happened, please call us using the number on the back of your Card.Using Points for ChargesUsing Points for Your Charges is only available to Basic Consumer and OPEN Card Members enrolled in the U.S.
Membership Rewards® program.
Additional Card Members, Authorized Additional Card Members, and Corporate Card Members are not eligible.
Account managers and Rewards managers may be eligible to use points by calling the number on the back of your Card but are not eligible to use points online.
All Linked Card Accounts must not be canceled, past due or have a returned payment outstanding.
A minimum of 1,000 Membership Rewards points in your program Account is required and you may use Membership Rewards points only toward the entire amount of an eligible charge.
American Express will present the eligible charges you can use points towards, and we may change which charges are eligible at any time without notice.
American Express is under no obligation to make charges available for redemption using Membership Rewards points.
For each transaction, points will be debited immediately from your Membership Rewards program Account and a credit will be issued to your Linked Card Account for the corresponding dollar amount within 48 hours.
Credits processed after the Card Account's statement closing date will appear in the following billing period.
You are responsible for payment of the amount due on your Card Account by the due date even after using this feature.
To learn about this feature and redeem points online, visit membershiprewards.com/yourcharges.Vendor PayVendor Pay by Bill.com is available on American Express Business and Corporate Cards.
Card Members must sign up for Vendor Pay and enroll the Card for payments by going to www.americanexpress.com/vendorpay.
Not all suppliers may accept American Express virtual payments.
The Basic plan has no monthly fee for the first user and no fee for a second user for six months from when the first user signs up.
After six months, the second user will have a fee of $15 per month.
The Advanced version has a monthly fee of $59 or $99 per user depending on select accounting systems.
The monthly fees are set by Bill.com and subject to change at Bill.com's discretion.
Fees are in addition to American Express Card fees.
There are additional per transaction fees for check and ACH services.Working Capital Terms Program EnrollmentBefore you can submit your first loan request, you must opt-in to the Working Capital Terms Program (the Program).
Your eligibility to opt-in to the Program is based on your business having at least 6 months of American Express Business Card account history, creditworthiness, and other factors.
The six-month account history requirement does not apply to Business Gold Card Members.
 If you transfer to a different product or cancel the Business Gold Card, your eligibility for the program may change.
Corporate Centurion®, Business Centurion®, and/or Centurion® Card Members are not eligible for the Program.
If you are the Basic Card Member on more than one Business Card from American Express, you may only enroll one of the businesses in Working Capital Terms.
Eligibility for a funding request is based on your creditworthiness and other factors and is conditioned upon your agreement to use electronic communication (including email).
Loan activity may be reported to credit bureaus.
 We may not approve, or may revoke your ability to submit a funding request if there have been any material changes to the financial condition or creditworthiness of you and/or your business or for other reasons permitted under applicable law.
The minimum funding request is $500 and the typical maximum amount is $150,000.
Fees range between 0.6% - 1.75% for 30 days, 1.2% - 3.50% for 60 days, and 1.8% - 5.25% for 90 days; not all customers will be eligible for the lowest fee.
The amount you can borrow at any time and the fees are subject to change and are based on your overall financial profile.
Additional terms apply.Year–End SummaryThe Online Year–End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND.
For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107.
This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands.
Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice.
This document does not supplement or replace the Policies.
To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g.
plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card.
Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier.
You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare.
If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered.
This product provides secondary coverage.
This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have.
For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier.
For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND.
For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108.
This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands.
Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice.
This document does not supplement or replace the Policies.
Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company.
Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle.
This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions.
This product provides secondary coverage.
This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have.
This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to other vehicles or property.
For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.