Hilton Honors Business Card  Benefits & DetailsTravel perks with the Hilton Honors Business Card
Free Weekend Night RewardRest up with a Free Weekend Night Reward from Hilton Honors after you spend $15,000 on eligible purchases on your Card account in a calendar year.‡Second Weekend Night RewardEarn a second Weekend Night Reward from Hilton Honors after you spend $60,000 on eligible purchases on your Card in a calendar year.‡10 Free Priority Pass VisitsWhether you just want to relax or get work done, you'll have 10 free visits to over 1,000 Priority Pass airport lounges every year.‡Upgrade to Diamond StatusSpend $40,000 on eligible purchases on your Card in a calendar year and you can earn Hilton Honors Diamond status through the end of the next calendar year.‡No Foreign Transaction FeesUse your Card on purchases when you travel abroad without the worry of foreign transaction fees.‡¤Customer Service and 24/7 support, whenever you need us
Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎Travel more comfortably knowing you can be covered by the Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎ for eligible lost, damaged, or stolen baggage when you purchase the entire fare for a Common Carrier ticket (e.g.
plane, train, ship, or bus) on your eligible Card.
Coverage can be provided for up to $1,250 for carry-on baggage and up to $500 for checked baggage.
For New York State residents, there is a $10,000 aggregate maximum limit for all Covered Persons per Covered Trip.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Global Assist® Hotline‡When you travel more than 100 miles from home, you have 24/7 access to medical, legal, financial or other select emergency coordination and assistance services, including medical and legal referrals, assistance with cash wires, passport replacement, missing luggage and more.
Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, you can be covered if your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen when you use your eligible Card to reserve and pay for the entire eligible vehicle rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the rental car counter.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.
Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered.
Coverage is not available in Australia, Italy, and New Zealand.
This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Expense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses
Employee CardsGet more out of your Business Card with Employee Cards.
Get rewards‡ and stay on top of how much employees are spending.Account ManagerWhen you designate an Account Manager, you can allow trusted individuals - like an assistant or business partner - to access and manage your Business Card account.
So you can trust your Account Manager to get the work done when you can't be there.‡American Express® Business AppSimplify the way you and your employees manage Business Card receipts with the American Express® Business App.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help you avoid late payments, notify you of irregular activity, and monitor Employee Card spending.Year-End SummaryAt the end of the year, see a complete summary that categorizes your spend by month and purchase type, and helps you track your business expenses down to the last detail.‡Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.American Express® AppTrack spending and rewards, find offers, make a payment, and get important account alerts in real-time with theAmerican Express® App.‡Vendor Pay by Bill.com‡You can make the most out of paying your business bills.
Improve your cash flow and take advantage of Card benefits when you use your Card to pay bills with Vendor Pay by Bill.com.Take advantage of Vendor Pay by Bill.com by enrolling your Card.
With the Basic plan, there is no monthly fee for the first user.
Additional fees may apply based on plan type and number of users.Even More Benefits for Card Members
Dispute ResolutionIf there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement, American Express will work with you to help resolve the issue.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding.
With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone.
Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.