Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGE
SAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases0% introductory APR for the first 12 
months.After that, your APR will be 14.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthi
ness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening. This APR wi
ll vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers0% intr
oductory APR for the first 12 months on balance transfers requested within 60 da
ys of account opening.After that, your APR for those transactions and any other 
balance transfer requests, if we accept them, will be 14.49% to 24.49% based on 
your creditworthiness and other factors. This APR will vary with the market base
d on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the marke
t based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When it Applies29.99%This APR will var
y with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied to new transac
tions on your account if:1) you make one or more late payments; or2) your paymen
t is returned by your bankWe may also consider your creditworthiness in determin
ing whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.How Long Will the Pe
nalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for at least 6 mon
ths. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR is applied. The
 Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, w
ith no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.Paying InterestYour 
due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not
 charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your entire balance (or 
if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) by the due date
. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance transfers on the 
transaction date.Plan Fee  (Fixed Finance Charge) 0% introductory plan fee on ea
ch purchase moved into a plan during the first 12 months. After that, your plan 
fee will be up to 1.09% of each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan dur
ation, the APR that would otherwise apply to the purchase and other factors.For 
Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more abou
t factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the websit
e of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/
learnmoreFeesAnnual Membership Fee$95Transaction Fees Balance TransferEither $5 
or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $5
 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transact
ion2.7% of each transaction after conversion to US dollars.Penalty Fees Late Pay
mentUp to $38Returned PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneHow We Will Calculate Your Ba
lance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."
Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty
 APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its
 Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%. Variable APR
s for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Stre
et Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal ma
y not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime 
Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variab
le APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher
 Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to vari
able APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs a
re accurate as of 03/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agr
eement.By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account 
in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 o
r over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.You pro
mise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You autho
rize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting
 agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share informa
tion we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as 
permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer 
report and the name and address of the agency that provided it. When you use you
r Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member 
Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an a
rbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to
 the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class
 action or similar proceeding.  We may change the Card Member Agreement subject 
to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competi
tive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and 
we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cann
ot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership. Additiona
l Cards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use y
our Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsib
le for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow 
to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to
 give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it w
ith them. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to
 obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an 
account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that 
will allow us to verify your identity. Balance Transfers: Only balance transfers
 from accounts in your name requested within 60 days from the date of account op
ening will be approved. We will charge your Card account for the total approved 
amount of all balance transfers. No transfer will be processed if: (1) any reque
sted transfer is less than $100; (2) the total amount of all requested transfers
 exceeds the lesser of $7,500 or 75% of your credit limit; or (3) charging the r
equested transfers to your Card account would cause your total account balance t
o exceed your credit limit. We will not initiate any balance transfer until at l
east ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card Member Agreeme
nt to you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a balance tran
sfer. Please be sure to make all required payments on any account from which you
 are transferring a balance until the balance transfer is credited to that accou
nt. You authorize us to verify the balance of such accounts. You may not transfe
r balances from any account issued by American Express or any of its affiliates.
 Additional Card Members may not request or authorize balance transfers. Your ba
lance transfer request may be declined if any of your American Express accounts 
are not in good standing. Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of
 any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wis
consin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless
, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that 
agreement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decr
ee.  New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Depar
tment of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free informati
on on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Dep
artment of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govNotice to Californ
ia Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.Cash ad
vance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to
 obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash a
dvances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.Notice t
o Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law wi
ll be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon 
Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charg
ed on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the mi
nimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to
 Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors
 make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit r
eporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon req
uest. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.Amex
 EveryDay® Preferred Credit Card is issued by an American Express bank. © 2018 A
merican Express. All rights reserved.POID CATI:0001OFFER TERMSWelcome bonus offe
r not available to applicants who have or have had this product.15,000 Membershi
p Rewards® PointsTo qualify for the 15,000 Membership Rewards® points, you must 
make eligible purchases with your Amex EveryDay® Preferred Credit Card that tota
l $1,000 or more (the "Threshold Amount") within your first 3 months of Card Mem
bership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your
 period to spend $1,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in rece
iving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some 
cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purc
hase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you b
uy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). The p
oints will be credited to your Membership Rewards account 8-12 weeks after the T
hreshold Amount is met. If we in our sole discretion determine that you have eng
aged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome bonus offer in a
ny way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more 
cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer(s) that we did not intend for you; if you 
cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you 
cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not cr
edit Membership Rewards points to, we may freeze Membership Rewards points credi
ted to, or we may take away Membership Rewards points from your account. We may 
also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us. Elig
ible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Memb
ers on a single Card Account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and ser
vices minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or
 interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of traveler's che
cks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to
-person payments, or purchases of any cash equivalents. Additional Card Members 
on your account are not eligible for this offer. To receive the 15,000 Membershi
p Rewards® points, your Card account must not be cancelled or past due at the ti
me the points are credited to your Card account. Limit one offer per Card Accoun
t. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.Ter
ms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprew
ards.com/terms for more information. Participating partners and available reward
s are subject to change without notice.The value of Membership Rewards points va
ries according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershi
prewards.com/pointsinfo.BENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and services are sub
ject to change or cancellation.50% Extra Points BenefitHow the Benefit Works If 
you make 30 or more separate purchases of goods or services in a billing period 
with your Amex EveryDay® Preferred Credit Card ("Card"), you earn 50% extra Memb
ership Rewards points on those purchases less returns and credits with a date in
 that billing period. A transaction where you buy multiple items counts as one p
urchase. Purchases do not include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, c
ash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid c
ards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. This benefit will not apply to any
 limited time promotions and offers (such as a Welcome Bonus). Impact of Returns
 and Credits Returns and credits do not reduce your purchase count. Returns and 
credits will reduce the number of Membership Rewards points and extra Membership
 Rewards points earned. Example: Suppose in a billing period you make 30 purchas
es totaling $500 and you return a $200 item that you purchased in the same or a 
prior billing period. The return does not reduce your purchase count, but it doe
s reduce the Membership Rewards points on those purchases from 500 to 300. So, i
n this example you would earn 50% extra on those 300 points. When Purchases Coun
t To count purchases for this benefit, we use the date of the purchase. For exam
ple, if you make a purchase on the last day in your January billing period, it m
ight not post to your account until your February billing period. If this happen
s, the purchase still counts towards your January billing period. In rare instan
ces, a purchase may not post to your account for several billing periods. For ex
ample, extreme weather or other business disruptions may delay a merchant in sub
mitting transactions to us. If a purchase posts to your account more than four b
illing periods after the purchase date, we count it for the billing period in wh
ich it posts, and not the purchase date. Some merchants combine separate charges
 into a single transaction before submitting it to us. When this happens, the co
mbined transaction will count as a single purchase for purposes of counting towa
rds 30 separate purchases. For example, if you charge three items to your Card a
t the same online merchant at three separate times over one or more days, the me
rchant may combine those three charges and submit them as a single transaction. 
In that case, that combined transaction will count as one purchase. Transaction 
Dates A date of a purchase, return or credit may sometimes be different from the
 date you made the transaction. For example, if you buy goods online, the purcha
se date may be the date the goods are shipped. Also, if you use your Card while 
traveling (on a hotel, car rental, or while on a cruise), the purchase date may 
be the date you complete that travel. General Terms You will typically earn the 
50% extra Membership Rewards points 8-12 weeks after the billing period in which
 you make the 30 or more eligible purchases.Account ManagerAccount Managers must
 be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Nu
mber.American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are a
vailable exclusively to all American Express® Card Members(including Prepaid and
 International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (
including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offe
r is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates app
ly. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked a
t any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be ac
cessible to Card Members with disabilities.Amex EveryDay Preferred 3-2-1For each
 dollar charged on an eligible purchase in each billing period on your Amex Ever
yDay® Preferred Credit Card from American Express, you earn one Membership Rewar
ds® point. You earn: 2 additional points (for a total of 3 points) on the first 
$6,000 of eligible purchases in a calendar year at supermarkets located in the U
.S. (superstores and warehouse clubs are not considered supermarkets); 1 additio
nal point (for a total of 2 points) for gasoline at gas stations located in the 
U.S. (superstores, supermarkets and warehouse clubs that sell gasoline are not c
onsidered gas stations). Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services
 minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or inte
rest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, p
urchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. 
Additional terms and restrictions apply. Merchants are assigned codes based on w
hat they primarily sell. A purchase will not earn additional points if the merch
ant's code is not eligible. Purchases made through a third-party payment account
 or on an online marketplace (with multiple retailers) will not earn additional 
points. A purchase may not earn additional points if the merchant submits the pu
rchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital 
wallet.Amex Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app features are available only f
or eligible Card accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards 
and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.To log in, Car
d Members must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in th
e app.Amex Mobile appiOS and Android only. See app store listings for operating 
system infoDestination FamilyValid for new bookings made through American Expres
s Travel and eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies with participating trav
el providers: Abercrombie &amp; Kent, Royal Caribbean International, Regent Seve
n Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider. Payment must
 be made with an American Express Card. Program benefits may not be available to
 residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member must travel on i
tinerary booked. Limit one benefit package per booking. May not be combined with
 other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits are subject to
 change. Benefits listed are non- transferable, subject to availability, and can
not be redeemed for cash or credit. Available to all U.S. American Express Corpo
rate, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are re
solved in the Card Member's favor.Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cit
ies. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all
 American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International Cards). Tic
kets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and Inte
rnational Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availabili
ty. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No re
funds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole dis
cretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members w
ith disabilities.Extra Membership Rewards® points at amextravel.com2x PointsMemb
ership Rewards-enrolled Card Members get at least 1 Membership Rewards® point fo
r every eligible dollar spent on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled Ameri
can Express® Card. Those same Card Members will also get at least 1 additional p
oint for each dollar of eligible travel purchases made on amextravel.com on thei
r Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express Card. Eligible travel pur
chases include all travel purchases made with your Membership Rewards program-en
rolled American Express® Card on amextravel.com, including air, prepaid hotels, 
vacation packages (flight + hotel packages) or cruise reservations, minus return
s and other credits. Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members are only eligib
le for 1 additional point on cruise reservations. Eligible travel purchases do N
OT include car reservations, non-prepaid hotels, ticketing service or other fees
, or interest charges. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase 
categories or in connection with promotions or offers from American Express may 
not be combined with this offer, such as 5X bonuses for Platinum and Business Pl
atinum Card Members. Any portion of a charge that you elect to cover through red
emption of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to receive points. If you h
ave an Amex EveryDay Card product, additional points awarded under this offer wi
ll not be included in the extra points benefit. Additional points will be credit
ed to the Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after final payment is made.Glo
bal Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance serv
ices are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are
 responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Te
rms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Instant Card NumberInstant C
ard Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly validate your identi
ty. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an instant acc
ount number that you can use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and
 a physical card will not be required. You may not have access to your full cred
it line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after you confirm receipt of 
your physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 business days of account appro
val.Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on a
mextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates
, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes 
and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to
 your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guaranteed" policy app
lies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates
 or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not l
imited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/milita
ry, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in 
combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won th
rough contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites
 that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is co
mplete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles t
hat may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, a
nd (4) rates booked through the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS program. DetailsMember
ship Rewards® Pay With PointsTo use Pay with Points, you must charge your eligib
le purchase through American Express Travel or through a Pay with Points authori
zed travel agency to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Ca
rd. Eligible purchases through American Express Travel or through a Pay with Poi
nts authorized Travel agency exclude car reservations and non-prepaid hotels. Po
ints will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corres
ponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card account used. 
If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price wil
l remain on the American Express Card account. Minimum redemption 5,000 points.S
ee membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and cond
itions.If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time feature balance
 on your Linked Account (for example, the Extended Payment Option), the statemen
t credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time fe
ature balance. Instead the statement credit may be applied to your Pay in Full b
alance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by calling the numbe
r on the back of your Card.Membership Rewards® Pay With PointsTo use Pay with Po
ints, you must charge your eligible purchase through American Express Travel to 
a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Card. Eligible purchase
s exclude car reservations and non-prepaid hotels. Points will be debited from y
our Membership Rewards account, and credit for corresponding dollar amount will 
be issued to the American Express Card account used. If points redeemed do not c
over entire amount, the balance of purchase price will remain on the American Ex
press Card account. Minimum redemption 5,000 points. See membershiprewards.com/t
erms for the Membership Rewards program terms and conditions.Membership Rewards®
 ProgramTerms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit me
mbershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partners and avail
able rewards are subject to change without notice. The value of Membership Rewar
ds points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to w
ww.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.Membership Rewards® Program - Transfer Point
sEnrollment in a participating Frequent Flyer or Frequent Guest program is requi
red. Airline tickets and guest rooms are subject to availability. For each conve
rsion of points into the Frequent Flyer program of a U.S. airline, a fee of $0.0
006 per point, with a maximum fee of $99, will be charged to your Card account. 
We charge this fee to offset the federal excise tax we must pay on such conversi
ons. The fee may be more or less than the actual amount of the excise tax we pay
 on any individual conversion. We may offer you the option to redeem points to c
over this fee.Membership Rewards® Program - Transfer Points (Domestic Airlines)E
nrollment in a participating Frequent Flyer program is required. Airline tickets
 are subject to availability. For each conversion of points into the Frequent Fl
yer program of a U.S. airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee of
 $99, will be charged to your Card account. We charge this fee to offset the fed
eral excise tax we must pay on such conversions. The fee may be more or less tha
n the actual amount of the excise tax we pay on any individual conversion. We ma
y offer you the option to redeem points to cover this fee.Pay ItPay ItSM is only
 available in the American Express Mobile app for your eligible Account. With th
e Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a billed purchas
e less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to that billed purch
ase but to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we apply payments.You
r account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or Additional Ca
rd Member of a Credit Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of Americ
an Express that is not cancelled. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express C
harge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business C
ards and American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other finan
cial institutions are not eligible.Plan ItPlan ItSM allows you to create up to 1
0 active payment plans for qualifying purchases of $100 or more, subject to a pl
an fee. This fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged each month that 
a plan is active.You may use this feature by selecting a qualifying purchase and
 a plan duration. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your American Expre
ss online account or American Express Mobile for your eligible Account. Qualifyi
ng purchases do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents, purchases sub
ject to Foreign Transaction Fees or any fee owed to us, including Annual Members
hip fees.Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety of factors such
 as your creditworthiness or your credit limit. You will not be able to create p
lans if your Account is canceled. You will not be able to create plans if one or
 more of your American Express accounts is enrolled into a debt management progr
am, or has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is delinquent. The number of ac
tive plans and plan durations offered to you will be at our discretion and will 
be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, the purchase amo
unt, and your Account history.Plan It is available to Credit Card accounts issue
d by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Only the Basic Card Member o
r Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Account can select a qualifying purchase 
for Plan It. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Charge Cards, American
 Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Exp
ress-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are
 not eligible.Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible pur
chase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is lim
ited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000
 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shippi
ng and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible 
if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to
 the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are n
ot eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer soft
ware, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in t
he 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. 
Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands
, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purc
hased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Re
turn Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusi
ons. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.Roadside Ass
istance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that ca
n send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Ro
adside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, the Card Member 
will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith ca
n provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire chang
e when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle 
and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling w
ithin the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and th
e U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with the eligible veh
icle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycl
es, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross veh
icle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you w
ith coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weather or on road
ways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be 
unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important 
terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-11
56 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Re
lated Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel supp
liers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We wan
t you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives
 for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to o
ur travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/
travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.Shop
RunnerShopRunner Benefit Terms and Conditions Enrolling in the Benefit. To get t
he free ShopRunner membership benefit compliments of American Express (the "bene
fit"), you must go to www.shoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify your eligibi
lity for the benefit with an eligible Card account number and then complete the 
sign up for a ShopRunner membership account ("ShopRunner account"). For details 
on how the ShopRunner membership works, please see the ShopRunner Terms and Cond
itions at https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use of your Shop
Runner membership benefit. You may also be able to enroll in this benefit throug
h access provided to ShopRunner at participating online stores or through an ema
il provided by American Express if it has determined that you have an eligible C
ard. An "eligible Card" means an American Express U.S. Consumer or Small Busines
s Credit or Charge Card that is not cancelled and that is issued to you by a U.S
. banking subsidiary of American Express. Prepaid Cards and products, American E
xpress Corporate Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers iss
ued by other financial institutions are not eligible. ShopRunner will verify wit
h American Express the eligibility of your Credit or Charge Card account number 
for the benefit. Maintaining the Benefit. To maintain this benefit on your ShopR
unner account, you must maintain an eligible Card. The benefit may be cancelled 
on your ShopRunner account if you do not have an eligible Card. You can maintain
 only one benefit per eligible Card. During your enrollment in the benefit, Shop
Runner and American Express will verify your benefit eligibility. Treatment of E
xisting ShopRunner Memberships. If you enroll in the benefit and sign up with an
 existing ShopRunner account, ShopRunner will cancel the term of your existing S
hopRunner account. If you paid a fee for any unused portion of the cancelled ter
m of membership, ShopRunner will provide you with a pro rata refund for that por
tion in accordance with ShopRunner's refund policy. The refund will be processed
 within 2-4 weeks after enrollment and will be issued to the payment method you 
used to pay the fee. If a portion of the cancelled term of membership was promot
ional or free, the free period will be cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by 
you. If you currently have a free or promotional membership on your ShopRunner a
ccount, you should consider whether to enroll in the benefit at this time.Genera
l Terms. An eligible Card can be used to verify eligibility for only one benefit
 enrollment. American Express may receive and use your personal data from ShopRu
nner, which may include personally identifiable information and Credit Card info
rmation, to determine eligibility and further develop features and services rela
ted to the benefit. American Express may send you emails regarding your enrollme
nt in this benefit. Any information American Express collects from you or from S
hopRunner shall be governed by the American Express Online Privacy Statement (ht
tps://www.americanexpress.com/privacy). American Express may change, modify, can
cel, revoke, or terminate this benefit at any time. You can review these Terms a
nd Conditions at any time by visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.The
 American Express Auto Purchasing Program DisclosureFor a Configured Vehicle, th
e Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that a Certified Dealer guarantees th
at you will save off the MSRP on any in-stock vehicle that is the same make, mod
el, and trim as your Configured Vehicle. The Guaranteed Savings for your Configu
red Vehicle is based on a vehicle without factory or dealer installed options an
d includes generally available manufacturer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle,
 the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that the Certified Dealer guarante
es that you will save off the MSRP of the vehicle with the specific VIN listed a
nd includes savings on factory-installed options. If you change your vehicle or 
the optional features, it will change your savings. For full Terms and Condition
s, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.Using Points for ChargesUsing Points for Your Cha
rges is only available to Basic Consumer and OPEN Card Members enrolled in the U
.S. Membership Rewards® program. Additional Card Members, Authorized Additional 
Card Members, and Corporate Card Members are not eligible. Account managers and 
Rewards managers may be eligible to use points by calling the number on the back
 of your Card but are not eligible to use points online. All Linked Card Account
s must not be canceled, past due or have a returned payment outstanding. A minim
um of 1,000 Membership Rewards points in your program Account is required and yo
u may use Membership Rewards points only toward the entire amount of an eligible
 charge. American Express will present the eligible charges you can use points t
owards, and we may change which charges are eligible at any time without notice.
 American Express is under no obligation to make charges available for redemptio
n using Membership Rewards points. For each transaction, points will be debited 
immediately from your Membership Rewards program Account and a credit will be is
sued to your Linked Card Account for the corresponding dollar amount within 48 h
ours. Credits processed after the Card Account's statement closing date will app
ear in the following billing period. You are responsible for payment of the amou
nt due on your Card Account by the due date even after using this feature. To le
arn about this feature and redeem points online, visit membershiprewards.com/you
rcharges.Year-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in Jan
uary, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 
31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important informati
on on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance Pla
nBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrativ
e Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, o
r Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio 
Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This
 benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Mi
cronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is
 determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable 
to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supple
ment or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for tr
avel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Ca
rd. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier.
 You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in 
combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express
 Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment
 or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part o
f the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. T
his means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you h
ave. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Co
mmon Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Ca
r Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underw
ritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Polic
y AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents
 of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limite
d, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to re
sidents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Pal
au and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, condi
tions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to 
change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. C
overage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a
 Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow
 individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some
 vehicles, e.g. off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in 
the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means i
t pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This p
roduct provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such t
hings as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other
 persons, or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Condition
s, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is unde
rwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Pol
icy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents 
of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited
, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to res
idents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Pala
u, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, condi
tions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to 
change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Ext
ended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on w
arranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if
 the original manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one 
additional year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and 
five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. C
ertain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a r
esult of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their pa
rts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount
 charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,0
00 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calenda
r year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we w
ill reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see ame
ricanexpress.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten 
by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX095
1, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and
 MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna
, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of
 American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the
 US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and
 exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change wit
h notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and 
handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not 
covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items, and mo
torized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other 
important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged t
o your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to ex
ceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to s
end the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipp
ing cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible 
benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Con
ditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Acciden
t Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Ph
oenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-
IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacifi
c Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not ava
ilable to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall 
Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the 
terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is
 subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the
 Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carr
ier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means
 the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Bas
ic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with Amer
ican Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points prog
ram for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer mi
les or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will 
not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents
 of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing 
on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Cond
itions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.