Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and other cost information before submitting your application.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATION
INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
17.99% to 26.99%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Balance Transfers
17.99% to 26.99% APR on balance transfers requested within 60 days of account opening based on your creditworthiness and other factors.

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances
27.49%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Penalty APR and When it Applies
29.99%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

This APR may be applied to new transactions on your account if:
1) you make one or more late payments; or
2) your payment is returned by your bank

We may also consider your creditworthiness in determining whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.

How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.
Paying Interest
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your entire balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance transfers on the transaction date.
Plan Fee
(Fixed Finance Charge)
Up to 1.17% of each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would otherwise apply to the purchase and other factors.
For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore
Fees
Annual Membership Fee
$195
Transaction Fees
  Balance Transfer
Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
Cash Advance
Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Foreign Transaction
None
Penalty Fees
  Late Payment
Up to $38
Returned Payment
Up to $38
Overlimit
None

How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."
Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Payment Due Date.

The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%.
Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 12/20/2018.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS

View the full Card Member Agreement.

By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.
You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.
When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding.
We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership.
Additional Cards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with them.
Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.
Balance Transfers: Only balance transfers from accounts in your name requested within 60 days from the date of account opening will be approved. We will charge your Card account for the total approved amount of all balance transfers. Each transfer will reduce your available credit just like any other transaction. You may request a balance transfer up to the eligible transfer amount, which will be based on your credit worthiness and other factors including your account history with American Express. You may not request a balance transfer amount less than $100 and the total amount of balance transfer request(s) must not exceed your credit limit. We will not initiate any balance transfer until at least ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card Member Agreement to you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a balance transfer. Please be sure to make all required payments on any account from which you are transferring a balance until the balance transfer is credited to that account. You authorize us to verify the balance of such accounts. You may not transfer balances from any account issued by American Express or any of its affiliates. Additional Card Members may not request or authorize balance transfers.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Department of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov
Notice to California Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.


Cash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.
The trademarks Delta, SkyMiles, and the Delta logo are exclusive property of Delta Air Lines, Inc. The trademarks are registered, or registrations are applied for, in countries of the world served by Delta. © 2019. All SkyMiles program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Offers void where prohibited by law. Offers are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.
Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.
The Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2019 American Express National Bank.
POID CBWS:0001
OFFER TERMS
Welcome offer not available to applicants who have or have had this Card. We may also consider the number of American Express Cards you have opened and closed as well as other factors in making a decision on your welcome offer eligibility.
If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome offer(s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit the welcome offer to, we may freeze the welcome offer credited to, or we may take away the welcome offer from your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us.

35,000 Bonus Miles and 5,000 MQMs
To qualify for the 35,000 bonus miles and 5,000 Medallion® Qualification Miles you must make eligible purchases with your Platinum Delta SkyMiles ® Credit Card that total $1,000 or more (the "Threshold Amount") within your first 3 months of Card Membership. Miles and MQMs will be credited to your account 6-8 weeks after you reach the Threshold Amount. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases to meet the Threshold Amount do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of any cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account are not eligible for this offer. To receive the 35,000 bonus miles and 5,000 Medallion® Qualification Miles your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment.

You can earn 35,000 bonus miles and 5,000 Medallion® Qualification Miles after you spend $1,000 or more in eligible purchases on your Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $1,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 Month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped).Miles and MQMs will be credited to your account 6-8 weeks after you reach the Threshold Amount. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.

$100 Statement Credit
One statement credit for $100 will be issued to your Card account after a Delta purchase is charged to your Delta Platinum SkyMiles® Credit Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership. Delta purchases to meet the first Delta purchase requirement include those made by both the Basic and Additional Card Members on the Card Account. Purchase must be made directly through Delta. A purchase may not qualify for the statement credit if it is submitted under a merchant code that has not been categorized as a Delta merchant code as of the date of the purchase(s). Credit will be issued as a Card Member statement credit approximately 8-12 weeks after your first Delta purchase. Additional Card Members on your account are not eligible for this offer. To receive the $100 statement credit, your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment. Purchases to meet the first Delta purchase requirement do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply.

You can earn a $100 statement credit after you make a Delta purchase on your Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to make your first Delta purchase may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Credit will be issued as a Card Member statement approximately 8-12 weeks after your first Delta Purchase.

American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.
BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.
Account Manager
Account Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.
Additional Cards
Additional Card Members must be at least 13 years of age and never have had a defaulted account with American Express.
American Express Preferred Seating
Eligible Cards
Preferred Seating is available to U.S. Card Members with an American Express® Gold Card, Platinum Card® or Centurion® Card from American Express, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card, Delta Reserve® Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card, Marriott Bonvoy™ American Express Card, Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant™ American Express Card, Hilton Honors American Express Ascend Card, Hilton Honors Aspire Card, American Express® Corporate Gold Card, Corporate Platinum Card® or Corporate Centurion® Card from American Express, the Executive Business Card, Business Gold Card, Business Gold Rewards Card, Classic Business Gold Card, Business Platinum Card®, or Business Centurion® Card from American Express.

Tickets available through the American Express Preferred Seating program are available exclusively for qualifying Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets must be purchased with an eligible American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Tickets are subject to availability and apply to select events. Availability will vary by performance based on prior sales. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

Redemption Information
To redeem an American Express Preferred Seating offer, please proceed to purchase your ticket through any primary ticketing channel including online, mobile, or phone and provide the 10-digit Customer Service phone number located on the back of your Card when prompted.
American Express Presale(s)
During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.
American Express Seating
Please note that the tickets available through the American Express Seating program are available to all Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.
American Express® App
The American Express® App and app features are available only for eligible Card accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.

To log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.
American Express® App
iOS and Android only. See app store listings for operating system info
Award Travel
Taxes and fees for Award Travel are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the ticket is booked. Award Travel seats are limited and may not be available on all flights or in all markets.
Delta No Blackout Dates
Although blackout dates have been eliminated on Delta flights, blackout dates may apply on partner flights and are defined by individual partner carriers.
Delta Platinum Companion Certificate at Renewal
Taxes/fees/restrictions: Companion Certificate is valid for one round-trip Main Cabin Companion ticket with the payment of applicable taxes and fees detailed below and the purchase of certain adult round-trip fares on published routings within the 48 contiguous United States. Residents of Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the United States Virgin Islands (USVI) must originate from there to the 48 contiguous United States and have an address on their SkyMiles account in Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the USVI. Each year, the Companion Certificate will be made available for redemption on delta.com in your renewal month. Applicable government imposed taxes and fees vary and depend upon the number of flight segments included in the itinerary and are no more than $75 for roundtrip domestic flights (for itineraries with up to four flight segments). Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Delta Reserve Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, and Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card are eligible to receive the first checked bag fee waiver on Delta and Delta Connection carrier tickets. $40 fee for second checked bag. These allowances are subject to size/weight limits. Contact a Delta agent or visit delta.com for details. Taxes and fees are subject to change, are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the primary ticket is purchased and the Companion ticket is issued. All fare rules, restrictions, advance purchase requirements, and availability are per rule of primary ticket fare purchased. Seats are only available in L,U,T,X,V classes of service and may not be available on all flights or markets. Companion Certificates are eligible for Medallion Complimentary Upgrades, which are subject to availability and may not be eligible on all flights. Medallion Members traveling with one companion will be eligible for Complimentary Upgrades to both First Class and Delta Comfort+® based on the status of the higher-tiered Member, as long as the companion is a SkyMiles Member, Medallion Member or partner airline elite member, traveling in the same reservation. Companion tickets are not transferable once issued. Companion certificate cannot be combined with another offer or discount including, but not limited to, web fares, sale fares and eCoupons. Primary ticket and Companion ticket must be purchased with your Delta SkyMiles Credit Card. Both passengers must be booked on the same flights and dates, at the same time. Travel for Companion certificate must be booked and completed by the date on the front of certificate. Validity is not based on the calendar year. Redemption is available only on delta.com. Certificate terms and conditions may vary each year of Card Membership. Additional restrictions apply. See Companion Certificate for details.
Delta Platinum Companion Certificate for Online Redemption
Eligibility:
Eligible on Delta, Delta Connection carrier and Delta Shuttle flights only (excludes all other Delta-designated codeshare flights). Companion certificate is valid for one round-trip Main Cabin companion ticket with the purchase of certain adult round-trip fares on published routings within the 48 contiguous United States. Residents of Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the United States Virgin Islands (USVI) must originate from there to the 48 contiguous United States and have an address on their SkyMiles account in Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the USVI. Each year, the Companion Certificate will be made available for redemption on delta.com in your renewal month. Companion ticket requires payment of applicable government imposed taxes and fees of no more than $75 for roundtrip domestic flights (for itineraries with up to four flight segments). Reservations are only available at delta.com. Companion certificate terms and conditions may vary each year of Card Membership. Additional restrictions apply.
Restrictions:
Redemption is available only on delta.com. The certificate cannot be combined with another offer or discount including, but not limited to, web fares, sale fares and eCoupons. Both passengers must be booked at the same time, in the same class of service and in the same record. Seats are only available in L, U, T, X, V classes of service and may not be available on all flights or markets. Companion Certificates are eligible for Medallion Complimentary Upgrades, which are subject to availability and may not be eligible on all flights. Medallion Members traveling with one companion will be eligible for Complimentary Upgrades to both First Class and Delta Comfort+® based on the status of the higher-tiered Member, as long as the companion is a SkyMiles Member, Medallion Member or partner airline elite member, traveling in the same reservation. Most fares require an advance purchase of up to 14 days, a 3 night minimum stay and a 30-day maximum stay. All fare rules, restrictions, advance purchase requirements, and availability are per rule of Primary Ticket fare purchased. Companion tickets are not transferable. Primary Ticket and Companion ticket must be purchased with your Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from American Express. Both passengers must be booked on the same flights and dates, at the same time. Travel for Companion certificate must be booked and completed by the date on the front of certificate. Validity is not based on calendar year. Primary ticket will accrue miles. Companion ticket will not accrue miles. Tickets are eligible for Global or Regional Upgrade Certificates but not eligible for mileage upgrades. Companion Certificate is void if reproduced, altered, counterfeited, obtained or used improperly, or where prohibited by law. Companion Certificate has no value except when redeemed in accordance with all terms and conditions of this offer. Companion Certificate is for new purchases only and cannot be applied to the cost of miscellaneous charge orders or previously issued tickets. Companion Certificate will be deemed fully used once tickets have been issued and will not be returned or replaced. Companion Certificate is the property of Delta Air Lines and must be surrendered or returned upon request. Fares, fees, schedules, offers and rules are subject to change without notice. Terms and conditions of this offer are as written and cannot be altered, modified or waived unless authorized by a corporate officer of Delta Air Lines, Inc. All Delta SkyMiles program rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide.
Routing/Blackout Dates:
Stopovers, open jaws, and circle trips are not permitted. Blackout dates subject to the rules of the primary ticket fare purchased.
Taxes/Fees:
The fare for Companion tickets requires payment of government imposed taxes and fees of no more than $75 for roundtrip domestic flights (for itineraries with up to four flight segments). Taxes and fees depend on the itinerary. Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Delta Reserve Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, and Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card are eligible to receive the first checked bag fee waiver on Delta and Delta Connection carrier flights. $40 fee for second checked bag. These allowances are subject to size/weight limits. Contact a Delta agent or visit delta.com for details. Taxes and fees are subject to change, are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the primary ticket is purchased and the companion ticket is issued.
Cancellations/Ticket Changes/Reissuance: If the primary ticket or the Companion ticket is cancelled, both tickets will be cancelled and the Companion ticket will not be reissued. Subject to the fare rules of the primary ticket, the value of the primary ticket, less a $200 administrative service charge and any fare difference, may be applied to future travel. Cancellations are subject to the rules of the fare purchased. Neither a new Companion Certificate nor Companion ticket will be issued upon a cancellation. If the primary ticket and Companion ticket are changed after issuance, subject to the fare rules of the primary ticket, there will be a $200 administrative service charge for each of the primary ticket and the Companion ticket, plus a charge for the fare difference of the primary ticket. Changes are subject to the rules of the fare purchased and are subject to seat availability. After travel has commenced, rerouting is not permitted.
Transferability:
The Companion Certificate is transferable, Primary ticket and Companion ticket are not transferable once issued. Companion Certificate may not be bartered or sold. Companion Certificates or Companion tickets acquired through prohibited sale/barter transactions are void and will not be honored for travel. In the event of flight irregularities and/or cancellations, alternative flights will be on Delta only.
Delta Sky Club Access, Reduced Fee
Delta Sky Club® exclusive per-visit rate of $29 per person is limited to Gold Delta SkyMiles and Platinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card Members and up to two guests and may be used only in conjunction with same-day boarding pass on a Delta-marketed or Delta-operated flight. Benefit permits access to one Club location and is not transferable to another Club. Payment must be made in person with a Gold Delta SkyMiles or Platinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card. Children under 2 years of age may accompany the Card Member for free. Individuals must be at least 18 years of age to access the Delta Sky Club, and 21 years of age to access locations with a self-service bar, unless accompanied by a responsible, supervising adult who is also accessing the Club using the exclusive per-visit rate or as a Club Member. Please drink responsibly. Partner lounges are not included. Note that amenities may vary among airport club locations. Meeting rooms may be reserved for a fee. All Delta Sky Club rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/skyclub. Offer and rules subject to change without notice. Additional restrictions may apply.
Delta Skymiles - Miles Boost
The close of the calendar year is December 31, without regard to the time of the year that the account is opened. This means that for the first year of Card Membership, the Card Member's Eligible Purchases bonus period may be less than twelve months. If in any calendar year Eligible Purchases on the Platinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card is $25,000 or more, the Basic Card Member will be awarded 10,000 bonus miles and 10,000 Medallion Qualification Miles ("MQMs" as defined in the Delta SkyMiles Membership Guide and Program Rules), and if in that same calendar year Eligible Purchases on the Platinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card is $50,000 or more, the Basic Card Member will be awarded an additional 10,000 bonus miles and 10,000 MQMs. Eligible Purchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible Purchases do NOT include fees, interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers' checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional Card Member(s) are not eligible to receive miles through Miles Boost; however all Eligible Purchases by the Additional Card Member(s) will count towards the Basic Card Member's spend level to reach the Miles Boost threshold. Card Members may be permitted to have more than one Blue, Gold, or Platinum or Delta Reserve SkyMiles Credit Card from American Express account; however, Card Members are only eligible to receive one annual bonus for each type (i.e. Platinum or Reserve) of Delta SkyMiles Credit Card account from American Express.
To receive the MQMs, your account must be not canceled or past due at the time the MQMs are posted to your account.
Delta SkyMiles MarketPlace
SkyMiles Marketplace is for use only by SkyMiles Medallion® members or customers that have a U.S. issued Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from American Express. All redemption offers and awards are subject to change and to the terms and conditions of each individual merchant. Offers, rules and participating merchants are subject to change without notice. All SkyMiles Marketplace rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide.
Destination Family
Valid for new bookings made through American Express Travel and eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies with participating travel providers: Abercrombie & Kent, Royal Caribbean International, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider. Payment must be made with an American Express Card. Program benefits may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit package per booking. May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits are subject to change. Benefits listed are non- transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. Available to all U.S. American Express Corporate, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.
Dispute Resolution
Not all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.
Earn 1 Mile
Bonus miles will be posted to your Delta SkyMiles account 8 to 12 weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to earn bonus miles, Card Member's account must not be canceled or past due at time of bonus fulfillment. Fees, interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, the purchase or reloading of prepaid cards and purchases of other cash equivalents do not earn miles.
Earn 2 Miles on Delta Purchases
For each dollar charged on an eligible purchase in each billing period on your Card from American Express, you earn 1 mile. You earn 1 additional mile (for a total of 2 miles) on each dollar of eligible purchases made directly with Delta ("Delta purchases"). Delta purchases are eligible purchases where Delta is the merchant of record, such as purchases via delta.com, phone reservations, or ticket counters, such as upgrades, miles, seat selection, Delta Sky Club® membership or passes, and pre-purchased meals, and in-flight purchases of food, alcoholic beverages and audio headsets on Delta-operated flights (eligible purchases do not include any other in-flight purchases, such as in-flight wireless internet access, and associated services, and charitable contributions). Delta purchases include Delta Vacation® packages but not other all-inclusive packages. Delta purchases include purchases of qualifying Delta, Delta Connection® carrier and Delta Shuttle® flights taken with the purchase of a fare that is eligible for SkyMiles mileage credit. Additional miles earned for Delta flight purchases made with the Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from American Express will be based on the total ticket price, including base fare, carrier-imposed surcharges and government-imposed taxes and fees. Eligible purchases mean purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Bonus miles will be posted to your Delta SkyMiles account 8 to 12 weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to receive miles, your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment. This offer is subject to change without notice.
Earn Medallion Status
Medallion Qualification Miles received in 2019 above member's received Medallion threshold level will be rolled over to 2020 and will count toward 2021 Medallion status qualification. In addition, all Medallion Qualification Miles earned between January 1 and December 31, 2019, will count towards 2020 Medallion status.
Entertainment Access®
Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.
First Checked Bag Free - Medium
Benefit is limited to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold, Platinum or Reserve Delta SkyMiles Credit Cards. Reservation must include the Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number. Fee waiver also available for passengers traveling in the same reservation as the Basic Card Member. Maximum nine waivers per reservation. New Card Members and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Credit Card product will be eligible for the checked baggage fee waiver benefit after receiving their Card from American Express. The first checked bag fee waiver will only be applied on flight segments which originate on a Delta or Delta Connection® carrier when you check-in with Delta for both a Delta marketed and Delta operated flight. Waiver is only for normal bag fee, if any, for the first checked bag that is not overweight and not oversize under Delta's applicable rules as set forth in Delta's contract of carriage. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See delta.com/firstbagfree for details.
Global Assist® Hotline
While Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.
In-Flight Savings
Card Members will receive a 20% savings in the form of a statement credit on eligible pre-purchased meals, and in-flight purchases of food, alcoholic beverages and audio headsets, on Delta-operated flights. Savings do not apply to any other in-flight purchases, such as in-flight wireless internet access, and associated services, and charitable contributions. To receive the savings, Card Members must use their Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from American Express to complete the in-flight purchase. Savings will appear as a statement credit 6-8 weeks after the transaction is posted to the Card Member's Card account. Offer is subject to change without notice. Additional terms, conditions, and restrictions may apply. See http://delta.com/mycardcan for details.
Instant Card Number
Instant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly validate your identity. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an Instant Card Number that you can use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical Card will not be required. You may not have access to your full credit line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 business days of account approval.
Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee
Valid only for American Express Card Members. If you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, or (4) rates booked through the Fine Hotels & Resorts® and The Hotel Collection programs. Details
Medallion Qualification Dollar Waiver
If the Medallion Qualification Dollar (MQD) threshold is not met for a Qualification Year, you can still qualify for Platinum, Gold and Silver Medallion Status if you have earned the required Medallion Qualification Miles (MQMs) or Medallion Qualification Segments (MQSs) and make at least $25,000 in Eligible Purchases within that Qualification Year on your Eligible Card. If the MQD threshold is not met for a Qualification Year, you can qualify for Diamond Medallion Status if you have earned the required MQMs or MQSs and spend at least $250,000 in eligible purchases within that Qualification Year on your Eligible Card. A Qualification Year is from January 1 to December 31 of a given year. The close of the Qualification Year is December 31, without regard to the time of the year that the credit card account is opened. This means that for the first year of Card Membership, the Card Member's Eligible Purchase period may be less than twelve months. Eligible Purchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible Purchases do NOT include fees, interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of travelers' checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Eligible purchases may fall outside of the Qualification Year in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). This may result in a delay in receiving the MQD waiver. You can confirm whether you have met the Eligible Purchase threshold for the MQD Waiver by logging into your SkyMiles account on delta.com or in the Fly Delta app. Eligible Purchases made by Additional Card Members on the Basic Card Member's Eligible Card will count toward the Eligible Purchase threshold. For purposes of calculating the Eligible Purchase threshold, Eligible Purchases will be combined across multiple Eligible Cards of the Basic Card Member if those Card accounts are linked to the same SkyMiles number. Eligible Cards are the following: Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles, Delta Reserve Credit Card, Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card from American Express. The Blue Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card is not eligible for the MQD Waiver. However, if you have another Delta SkyMiles Credit Card with the MQD Waiver benefit in addition to your Delta Blue SkyMiles Credit Card, Eligible Purchases made on the Blue Delta SkyMiles Credit Card will continue to count towards the MQD Waiver. This benefit extends to Basic Card Members only (Additional Card Members are not eligible). Offer terms and conditions subject to change.
Medallion Status Upgrades
Seat upgrades are subject to limited availability and may not be available on all flights or in all markets.
No Foreign Transaction Fees
American Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.
Pay It
Pay It® is only available in the American Express® App for your eligible Account. With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a billed purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to that billed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we apply payments.

Your account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or Additional Card Member of a Credit Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express that is not canceled. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Charge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.
Pay with Miles
Program is limited to Basic (not Additional) Gold and Platinum Delta SkyMiles and Delta Reserve Credit Card Members, as well as to Gold and Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card Members and Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card Members. New Card Members are eligible to use Pay with Miles upon receipt of their Card. Eligible only on Delta and Delta Connection® carrier-operated and ticketed flights booked at delta.com. Not available on other codeshare flights. Eligible flights for this program will be marked as Pay with Miles eligible. Miles redemptions must be in 5,000 mile increments, with a minimum of 5,000 miles for redemption, and the number of miles redeemed will be rounded up to the nearest 5,000 mile increment, as applicable.  Use your Delta SkyMiles Credit Card to pay for the remaining ticket price when using Pay with Miles.  Five thousand miles generally provides $50 of value.  However, you may receive less value per mile if the cost of a ticket you choose to cover entirely with miles is not a multiple of $50. All Pay with Miles tickets will earn mileage, and will earn Medallion Qualification Dollars, for the portion of the base fare and carrier-imposed surcharges remaining that is paid in currency after miles are applied to the ticket total.   Mileage redemption will be applied toward the base fare and carrier-imposed surcharges prior to being applied toward taxes and fees. In addition, all Pay with Miles tickets are eligible for Medallion Qualification Segments, and Medallion Qualification Miles. Pay with Miles tickets are not eligible for Best Fare Guarantee and may not be combined with any other forms of mileage redemption, such as Award Travel tickets. Medallion Complimentary Upgrades on Pay with Miles tickets are subject to availability and may not be eligible on all flights. Except for tickets refunded under Delta's Risk Free Cancellation policy, miles redeemed with Pay with Miles cannot be re-deposited in the member's SkyMiles Account — even for fully refundable fares.  Residual value for a changed or cancelled ticket will be issued as an e-certificate applicable to future Delta purchases. For terms, conditions, and restrictions, visit delta.com/paywithmiles.
Plan It®
Plan It® allows you to create up to 10 active payment plans for qualifying purchases of $100 or more, subject to a plan fee. This fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged each month that a plan is active.

You may use this feature by selecting a qualifying purchase and a plan duration. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your American Express online Account or American Express® App for your eligible Account. Qualifying purchases do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents, purchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees or any fee owed to us, including Annual Membership fees.

Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness or your credit limit. You will not be able to create plans if your Account is canceled. You will not be able to create plans if one or more of your American Express Accounts is enrolled into a debt management program, or has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is delinquent. The number of plan durations offered to you, and the number of active plans you can have at a time, will be at our discretion and will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, the purchase amount, and your Account history. After a plan is paid in full, it will be removed from your Account in the next billing period and, at that time, you may be able to set up a new plan with an eligible purchase.

Plan It is available to Credit Card Accounts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express, excluding Accounts with Pay Over Time and Credit Card Accounts that must be paid in full each month. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Account can select a qualifying purchase for Plan It. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded Cards or Account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.
Priority Boarding
Card Members are entitled to receive Main Cabin 1 Priority Boarding on Delta flights. Benefit is limited to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold, Platinum or Reserve Delta SkyMiles Credit Cards. Reservation must include the Basic Card Member's SkyMiles number. Main Cabin 1 Priority Boarding is also available for passengers traveling in the same reservation as the Basic Card Member. Maximum nine passengers per reservation receive the Main Cabin 1 Priority Boarding. Main Cabin 1 Priority Boarding will only be available on Delta and Delta Connection carrier operated flights. Delta does not offer Main Cabin 1 Priority Boarding on Delta Shuttle® flights. New Card Members and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Credit Card product from American Express will be eligible for the Priority Boarding benefit after receiving their Card from American Express. Offer is subject to change without notice. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See delta.com/mycardcan for details.
Return Protection
Return Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.
Roadside Assistance Hotline
Roadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling within the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weather or on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.
ShopRunner
ShopRunner Benefit Terms and Conditions
Enrolling in the Benefit.
To get the free ShopRunner membership benefit compliments of American Express (the "benefit"), you must go to www.shoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify your eligibility for the benefit with an eligible Card account number and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner membership account ("ShopRunner account"). For details on how the ShopRunner membership works, please see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use of your ShopRunner membership benefit.
You may also be able to enroll in this benefit through access provided to ShopRunner at participating online stores or through an email provided by American Express if it has determined that you have an eligible Card.
An "eligible Card" means an American Express U.S. Consumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card that is not cancelled and that is issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible. ShopRunner will verify with American Express the eligibility of your Credit or Charge Card account number for the benefit.
Maintaining the Benefit.
To maintain this benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must maintain an eligible Card. The benefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner account if you do not have an eligible Card. You can maintain only one benefit per eligible Card.
During your enrollment in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Express will verify your benefit eligibility.
Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Memberships.
If you enroll in the benefit and sign up with an existing ShopRunner account, ShopRunner will cancel the term of your existing ShopRunner account.
If you paid a fee for any unused portion of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRunner will provide you with a pro rata refund for that portion in accordance with ShopRunner's refund policy. The refund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after enrollment and will be issued to the payment method you used to pay the fee.
If a portion of the cancelled term of membership was promotional or free, the free period will be cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by you. If you currently have a free or promotional membership on your ShopRunner account, you should consider whether to enroll in the benefit at this time.
General Terms.
An eligible Card can be used to verify eligibility for only one benefit enrollment. American Express may receive and use your personal data from ShopRunner, which may include personally identifiable information and Credit Card information, to determine eligibility and further develop features and services related to the benefit. American Express may send you emails regarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any information American Express collects from you or from ShopRunner shall be governed by the American Express Online Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpress.com/privacy). American Express may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminate this benefit at any time.
You can review these Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.
SkyMiles General
All SkyMiles program rules apply to SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption, and travel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Partner airline benefits are subject to change and subject to the terms and conditions of each partner. Partner offers are subject to the terms and conditions of each individual offer. Offers are void where prohibited by law. Offers are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions apply.
SkyMiles Online Auction
All SkyMiles Online Auction rules apply, visit delta.com/skymilesauction for more details. All Delta SkyMiles program rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Offers, prices and rules are subject to change without notice. Offers void where prohibited by law. Additional restrictions may apply.
Spending Limits
When you request that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreement.

At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing period.

Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.

The Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions.
The American Express Auto Purchasing Program Disclosure
For a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that a Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP on any in-stock vehicle that is the same make, model, and trim as your Configured Vehicle. The Guaranteed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is based on a vehicle without factory or dealer installed options and includes generally available manufacturer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that the Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP of the vehicle with the specific VIN listed and includes savings on factory-installed options. If you change your vehicle or the optional features, it will change your savings. For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.
Year-End Summary
The Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.
AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide
Baggage Insurance Plan
Baggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.
Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance
Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.
Extended Warranty
Extended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than two years, and we provide two additional years* if the original manufacturer's warranty is between two years and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.

*For residents of Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands, Your coverage will match the original warranty period for warranties of less than one (1) year or provide one (1) additional year if the warranty is between one (1) and five (5) years.
Purchase Protection
Purchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.
Travel Accident Insurance
Travel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.