Interest Rates on Pay Over Time Balance
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

16.49% (Prime Rate + 10.99%), 20.49% (Prime Rate + 14.99%) or 24.49% (Prime Rate + 18.99%), based on your creditworthiness as determined at the time of account opening. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.



Penalty APR and When It Applies

29.99% (Prime Rate + 25.99%)This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR will apply to your account if:1) You make 2 or more late payments in a 12-month period;2) You do not pay the Minimum Payment due by the closing date of the billing period in which it is due; or3) You make a payment that is returned.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for a minimum of 12 billing periods in a row, and will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments for 12 billing periods in a row.


How to Avoid Paying Interest

Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.



Fees
Annual Membership Fee

$295


Transaction Fees

 

Foreign Transaction
None

Penalty Fees

 

Late Payment
$38 or 2.99% of any past due Pay in Full amount, whichever is greater.

Returned Payment
$38


How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%.Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 12/20/2018.

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement.
 By submitting this application, you, as an individual and the Authorizing Officer of the Company, (a) are requesting us to open an Account in the name of the Company, (b) are requesting that we issue Card(s) as you direct, (c) are agreeing to be jointly and severally liable with the Company for all charges to the account, and (d) are REPRESENTING THAT ALL CARD(S) ISSUED ON THE ACCOUNT WILL ONLY BE USED FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may be approved for a Card Account. This offer is available to US Residents. When you use the Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you for the Account. The Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which impacts the opportunity to have claims related to the Account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the terms of, or add new terms to, the Card Member Agreement at any time, subject to applicable law. We may apply any changed or new terms to any existing and future balances on your Account, subject to applicable law. 
 
  You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.
 Additional Cards: You must notify Additional Card Members that we may obtain, provide, and use information about them and that their use of your Account is subject to certain provisions of the Card Member Agreement. The maximum number of Additional Cards issued on each Account is 99.
 Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.
  
 New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Department of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov
Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
 Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.
 Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.
 
The American Express® Business Gold Card is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2019 American Express National Bank.

POID GBX1:0001

OFFER TERMS
Welcome offer not available to applicants who have or have had this Card. We may also consider the number of American Express Cards you have opened and closed as well as other factors in making a decision on your welcome offer eligibility.
With this offer, receive statement credits for qualifying purchases of G Suite, up to $200, and ZipRecruiter, up to $2,988, charged to your new Business Gold Card within the first 12 months of Card Membership. Offers are separate and require subscriptions to G Suite and/or ZipRecruiter. You do not need to subscribe to both to receive the applicable statement credit for qualifying purchases. Google, Google Cloud, and G Suite are not affiliated with ZipRecruiter.G Suite Offer: The value of G Suite Offer Basic free for up to 1 year for up to 3 users is based on the price of a G Suite Basic $5 per user per month for 12 months plus taxes, if any. The statement credit will be applied towards purchases charged to your Card by Google within the first 12 months of Card Membership for subscriptions to G Suite Basic, Business and Enterprise, up to $200. If you purchase a subscription that costs more than the value of G Suite Basic for 3 users at $5 per user, we will apply the statement credit for such purchases, up to $200 total. If the price for G Suite Basic changes per user during the 12-month period, the value of the offer will not increase and will remain $200. You must be enrolled in G Suite, add your Card to your G Suite billing profile, and use your Card for G Suite purchases during your first year of Card Membership to be eligible. Offer only valid for G Suite purchased from Google directly and not valid for any other Google Cloud or Google purchases. To take advantage of this special offer visit gsuite.google.com to subscribe.ZipRecruiter Offer: The value of the ZipRecruiter Offer of ZipRecruiter Standard for up to 1 year free is based on the price of ZipRecruiter Standard for 12 months at $249 per month. The statement credit will be applied towards purchases charged to your Card by ZipRecruiter within the first 12 months of Card Membership for ZipRecruiter Subscription Products only, up to $2,988 total. If you purchase a subscription that costs more than $249 per month, we will apply the statement credit for such purchases up to $2,988. If the price for ZipRecruiter Standard changes during the 12 month period, the value of the offer will not increase and will remain $2,988. You must have registered on the ZipRecruiter website, add your Card to your ZipRecruiter billing profile, and use your Card for ZipRecruiter purchases during your first year of Card Membership to be eligible. To take advantage of this special offer visit ziprecruiter.com to subscribe.General Offer Terms: Your Card will be automatically charged each month unless you change your payment method or cancel your subscription. Please allow up to 90 days after a qualifying purchase is charged to your Card account for the statement credit(s) to be posted to the account. If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as qualifying for the offer, you will not receive the statement credit. For example, your transaction will not qualify if it is not made directly with Google or ZipRecruiter, as applicable. In addition, in most cases, you may not receive the statement credit if your transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party. Note that American Express may not receive information about your qualifying purchase from the merchant until all items from your qualifying purchase have been provided by the merchant. To earn statement credits, your Card Account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment of any offers. Qualifying purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Employee Card Members on a single Card Account, but statement credit(s) will be applied to the Basic Card Member's account.If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome offer (s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount) we may not credit statement credit to, we may freeze statement credit credited to, or we may take away statement credit from your account. We may also cancel the Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.

BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.
25% Airline Bonus DisclosureTo use Pay with Points, you must charge your eligible airfare purchase through American Express Travel to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Card. Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card account used. If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price will remain on the American Express Card account. Points must be used at the time of booking. Pay with Points requires a minimum redemption of 5,000 points.Business Gold Card Members will receive 2.5 extra points for every 10 points they redeem for either a First or Business class flight on any airline, or for flights with their selected qualifying airline using Membership Rewards Pay with Points through American Express Travel (25% Airline Bonus), up to 250,000 bonus points per calendar year, per each Membership Rewards account. For First or Business class flights on a Card Member's selected qualifying airline, the Card Member will still receive only 2.5 extra points for every 10 points redeemed. Card Member must select a qualifying airline at https://global.americanexpress.com/card-benefits/detail/airline-choice/business-gold. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Card Account can select the qualifying airline. Card Members who have not chosen a qualifying airline will be able to do so at any time. Card Members who have already selected a qualifying airline will be able to change their choice one time each year in January at https://global.americanexpress.com/card-benefits/detail/airline-choice/business-gold or by calling the number on the back of their Card. Card Members who do not change their airline selection will remain with their current airline.If you select Spirit Airlines, Southwest Airlines, or AirTran Airways, to receive your 25% Airline Bonus you must call American Express Travel and Lifestyle Services at 1-800-428-0253.A flight booked as part of a travel package or booked with the American Express U.S. Representative Travel Network is not eligible for the 25% Airline Bonus. In addition, to be eligible to receive extra points, Card account(s) must not be cancelled or past due at the time of extra points fulfillment. If booking is canceled, the extra points will be deducted from your Membership Rewards account. Extra points will be credited to your Membership Rewards account approximately 6-10 weeks after eligible airfare purchases appear on your billing statement. See membershiprewards.com/terms for Membership Rewards program terms and conditions. This 25% Airline Bonus is the maximum Membership Rewards points you can get back for Pay with Points on flights booked through American Express Travel. Bonus ID: B4JN

4X Retroactive BonusHow the 4X Points Benefit Works With your American Express® Business Gold Card, you get at least one Membership Rewards® point for each dollar you spend on your Card for eligible purchases. You also get 3 additional points per dollar (for a total of 4 points), on the 2 categories (of 6) where you spend the most each billing cycle, up to the first $150,000 in combined eligible purchases from these 2 categories each calendar year. Eligible purchases in excess of $150,000 in a calendar year will receive only one point per dollar spent. Determining Your Top 2 Categories To calculate your top 2 categories each billing cycle, we use your posted account transactions that fall into the 6 categories below and issue additional points based on your 2 highest categories of total spend less returns and credits in that same billing cycle. You will only earn 3 additional points in 2 categories each billing cycle even if you have equal spend in more than 2 categories. The 6 categories that qualify for additional points are: (1) airfare on a scheduled flight charged directly with passenger airlines (charter flights and private jet flights are excluded); (2) advertising purchased in the U.S. to promote your business online, on television, or on the radio; (3) computer hardware, software, and cloud computing purchases in the U.S. made directly from select technology providers (the current list of select technology providers is available at: americanexpress.com/rewards-info); (4) gasoline at gas stations located in the U.S. (superstores, supermarkets and warehouse clubs that sell gasoline are not considered gas stations); (5) restaurants located in the U.S.; and (6) shipping services purchased in the U.S. for courier, postal, and freight. General Terms Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply. Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not receive additional points if the merchant's code is not eligible. Purchases made through third-parties (including resellers and online marketplaces) or through a third-party payment account will not receive additional points. A purchase may not receive additional points if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet.

Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.

American Express Preferred SeatingEligible CardsPreferred Seating is available to U.S. Card Members with an American Express® Gold Card, Platinum Card® or Centurion® Card from American Express, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card, Delta Reserve® Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card, Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card from American Express, Starwood Preferred Guest® American Express Luxury Card, Hilton Honors American Express Ascend Card, Hilton Honors Aspire Card, American Express® Corporate Gold Card, Corporate Platinum Card® or Corporate Centurion® Card from American Express, the Executive Business Card, Business Gold Card, Business Gold Rewards Card, Classic Business Gold Card, Business Platinum Card®, or Business Centurion® Card from American Express.Tickets available through the American Express Preferred Seating program are available exclusively for qualifying Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets must be purchased with an eligible American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Tickets are subject to availability and apply to select events. Availability will vary by performance based on prior sales. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Redemption InformationTo redeem an American Express Preferred Seating offer, please proceed to purchase your ticket through any primary ticketing channel including online, mobile, or phone and provide the 10-digit Customer Service phone number located on the back of your Card when prompted.

American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

Connect to QuickBooksConnect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online and is available for use with Business Cards from American Express. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.

Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.

Employee Card - Category AlertsMerchants are categorized based on what they primarily sell. You will not receive an alert if an Employee makes a purchase at a merchant from an approved category, whether or not you consider that purchase to be a part of a particular category.

Employee Card Spending LimitsEmployee Card Spending Limits may be set up online or by calling the number on the back of your Card. The Spending Limit is not a guarantee that the Employee Card Member will be able to make purchases up to that limit. There are certain purchases where the limit does not apply, such as, for example, restaurant tips and hotel stays extended beyond their original reservation period, and the overall Account capacity is taken into consideration. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. For more information on the application of the limit, please refer to the Employee Card Spending Limits Terms and Conditions at www.americanexpress.com/spendlimits/terms, which will also be provided when you enroll Employee Card(s) in this feature.

Entertainment Access®Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

Extra Membership Rewards® points at amextravel.com2x Points Membership Rewards-enrolled Card Members get at least 1 Membership Rewards® point for every eligible dollar spent on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card. Those same Card Members will also get at least 1 additional point for each dollar of eligible travel purchases made on amextravel.com on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express Card. Eligible travel purchases include all travel purchases made with your Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express® Card on amextravel.com, including air, prepaid hotels, vacation packages (flight + hotel packages) or cruise reservations, minus returns and other credits. Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members are only eligible for 1 additional point on cruise reservations. Eligible travel purchases do NOT include car reservations, non-prepaid hotels, ticketing service or other fees, or interest charges. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase categories or in connection with promotions or offers from American Express may not be combined with this offer, such as 5X bonuses for Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members. Any portion of a charge that you elect to cover through redemption of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to receive points. If you have an Amex EveryDay Card product, additional points awarded under this offer will not be included in the extra points benefit. Additional points will be credited to the Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after final payment is made.

FX International Payments - SecureFX International Payments incorporates encryption, both for stored data (such as account information) and for payments created and transmitted in real-time. The FX International Payments platform is deployed within American Express' state of the art data center that features advanced online and offline security and monitoring against internet attacks. FX International Payments implements American Express standards relating to information integrity, transaction security and information security.

FX International Payments Live Exchange Rates disclosureLive exchange rates may not be available outside of business hours (8:30A.M - 4:45P.M. Eastern Time)

FXIP- Standard DisclosureFX International Payments is a service of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. ("American Express"). This service is not available to consumers. To enroll in the service, your business will be required to complete an application which is subject to review and approval by American Express. For a copy of the application, including terms and conditions, call 1-833-319-7265.

Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.

Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeValid only for American Express Card Members. If you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, or (4) rates booked through the Fine Hotels & Resorts® and The Hotel Collection programs. Details

Membership Rewards® Pay with PointsTo use Pay with Points, you must charge your eligible purchase through American Express Travel to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Card. Eligible purchases through American Express Travel exclude car reservations and non-prepaid hotels. Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card account used. If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price will remain on the American Express Card account. Minimum redemption 5,000 points.See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and conditions.If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Linked Account the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead the statement credit may be applied to your Pay in Full balance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by calling the number on the back of your Card.

Membership Rewards® ProgramTerms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice. The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.

Membership Rewards® Program - Transfer PointsEnrollment in a participating Frequent Flyer or Frequent Guest program is required. Airline tickets and guest rooms are subject to availability. For each conversion of points into the Frequent Flyer program of a U.S. airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee of $99, will be charged to your Card account. We charge this fee to offset the federal excise tax we must pay on such conversions. The fee may be more or less than the actual amount of the excise tax we pay on any individual conversion. We may offer you the option to redeem points to cover this fee.

No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.

No Preset Spending LimitNo preset spending limit does not mean unlimited spending. Purchasing power adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record and financial resources known to us, and other factors.

Pay Over Time OptionEligible Charges A charge made by you or any additional Card Member on your account is eligible to be paid over time if it is equal to or more than $100 and is approved by us. The following types of charges are ineligible for the Pay Over Time option: Cash and Express Cash, American Express® Travelers Cheques and other cash equivalents, casinos and other gambling transactions, any fees owed to American Express except foreign transaction fees, and other transactions designated by us. Pay Over Time settings The Pay Over Time option on your account is initially set to On. When set to On, eligible charges will be automatically placed in your Pay Over Time balance. You may alternate between On and Off settings. When turned Off, no new charges will be included in your Pay Over Time balance. You can change this setting by calling the number on the back of your Card. Interest on your Pay Over Time balance For transactions added to your Pay Over Time balance, we will charge interest beginning on the date of each transaction. We will not charge interest on charges added to your Pay Over Time balance if you pay the account Total New Balance by the due date each month. You must pay at least the Minimum Payment Due by the Payment Due Date each month. The Minimum Payment Due includes all Pay In Full charges, any interest accrued on your account and a portion of your Pay Over Time balance. Pay Over Time limit We assign a Pay Over Time limit to your account. We will not place any charge into a Pay Over Time balance if it causes your Pay Over Time balance to go over your Pay Over Time limit. A charge may be ineligible to be paid over time even if it would not cause your Pay Over Time balance to exceed the Pay Over Time limit. We may increase or decrease the amount of your Pay Over Time limit and will tell you if we change that amount. Your Pay Over Time limit is the amount you may carry as a balance. This limit may be different than the total amount you are allowed to spend on your Card.

Premium Roadside AssistancePremium Roadside Assistance provides the following services at no additional cost up to 4 times per calendar year when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle: towing up to 10 miles, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Card Member will be charged for the costs of towing in excess of 10 miles and any other additional services. Coverage is available in the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. In case of inclement weather, we may be unable to provide you with services. Services may not be available or may be at the cost of the Card Member on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.

Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.

Rewards Disclosure for Employee CardsTerms, conditions and restrictions vary by individual Card products.

Seller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.

Spend ManagerSpend ManagerSM is a feature of American Express Business and Corporate Cards. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed. Receipts will be stored until the earliest of the following: (1) seven years from the end of the year that the receipt was uploaded or (2) the date that your online account is closed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, American Express may delete or purge receipts for any reason in its sole discretion, with or without notice.

Spend Manager and Connect to QuickBooksSpend ManagerSM and Connect to QuickBooks® are two separate business tools available with Business Cards from American Express that were created to work together. American Express is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of receipts displayed in your QuickBooks. You must enroll in Connect to QuickBooks from your American Express online account. Connect to QuickBooks works with QuickBooks Online. For details about Spend ManagerSM, go to www.americanexpress.com/business/spendmanager. Any QuickBooks Online screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, and the QB logo are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.

Spend Manager Mobile AppThe Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available with American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Not all functionality is available with Corporate Cards. The Spend ManagerSM Mobile App is only available on the App Store(R) and Google Play™. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.

The Hotel CollectionThe Hotel Collection: Valid for new bookings with participating providers of at least two consecutive nights made through Platinum Travel Service, Business Platinum Travel Service, Centurion Travel Service, amextravel.com or any American Express Travel location. Available only for the following U.S. American Express Card Members: Consumer and Business Gold Card Members, Classic Business Gold Card and Business Gold Rewards Card Members, Consumer and Business Platinum Card ® Members and Consumer and Business Centurion® Members ("Eligible Card Members"). The term "Eligible Card Members" does not include Gold and Platinum Credit Card Members such as Gold Delta SkyMiles® Card Members. Payment must be made in full with an American Express Card in the Eligible Card Member's name. Eligible Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Eligible Card Member will receive hotel credit upon checkout equal to $1 for each eligible dollar spent, up to $100, which amount will be credited upon check-out based on qualifying charges made by the Eligible Card Member excluding charges for taxes, gratuities, fees and cost of room. Additional exclusions based on specific hotel restrictions may also apply (including without limitation purchases within the hotel that are unaffiliated and/or owned by third parties) – see applicable hotel front desk for details. Credit cannot be carried over to another stay, is not redeemable for cash and expires at check-out. Credit is non-exchangeable and non-refundable and is applied in USD or equivalent in local currency based on exchange rate on day of arrival. May not be combined with other offers or programs unless indicated. Limit one credit per room, per stay. Room upgrade is based on availability and eligibility at check-in. Three-room limit per Eligible Card Member per stay; back-to-back stays within a 24-hour period at the same property are considered one stay. Hotel nightly rates vary by property, dates, room category and occupancy. Participating providers and benefits are subject to change. For bookings made on amextravel.com, eligible Card Members receive Double Points on each The Hotel Collection booking or can use Pay with Points.

The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders GroupOnly American Express Gold, Classic Gold, Traditional Gold, Senior Gold, Ameriprise Gold, Business Gold Rewards, Business Gold Card, Platinum, Morgan Stanley Platinum, Schwab Platinum, Ameriprise Platinum, Goldman Sachs Platinum and Business Platinum Card® Members, who are residents of the United States, its territories or possessions, are eligible to enroll in complimentary membership to The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders Group. Benefit available to Basic Card Member only, except that additional Card Members on Gold, Classic Gold, Traditional Gold, Senior Gold and Ameriprise Gold Card accounts are also eligible to enroll in complimentary membership. To enroll, you must call Travel Leaders Group at 877-485-8053. Travel Leaders Group will use your enrollment information in accordance with its privacy statement available at www.travelleadersgroup.com/privacy-policy. Once enrolled, you will remain a member in The Travel Collection as long as you remain an eligible American Express Card Member, until you cancel your enrollment or until American Express notifies you that the benefit is terminated. To un-enroll, you must call Travel Leaders Group at 877-485-8053. The Travel Collection member benefits, amenities and offers are subject to change. For complete program terms on The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders Group visit www.thetravelcollection.vacation.com/Public/Program-Terms.

Tier One Program TermsLast Modified: January 2018 Tier One(R) Program The Tier One Program (the “Program”) offers additional benefits to certain business customers of American Express that (1) meet the Eligibility Requirements set forth below and (2) are selected by American Express to participate in the Program for the upcoming program year (April - March, a “Program Year”). Program benefits will be determined by American Express in its sole discretion and may vary from year to year. Eligibility Requirements In order to be considered for the Program, a business must: be the business named on one or more U.S.- issued Business Charge Cards or Corporate Cards from American Express; have its billing address in the United States (including the District of Columbia, American Samoa, Armed Forces Pacific, Federated States of Micronesia, Guam, Marshall Islands, Northern Mariana Islands, Palau, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands);  not have been enrolled in the American Express CARE Program, or any other hardship program with American Express, nor have been subject to a Responsible Lending Action by American Express, during the previous calendar year (the preceding January 1 – December 31, the “Previous Year”); not have any transitional recovery products from American Express during the Previous Year; not have any Business Card account that has been 30 days or more past due during the Previous Year; not have any Corporate Card program, Business Travel Account or Buyer Initiated Payment program with total 30 day or more past due balances exceeding 10% of total outstanding balance and exceeding $5,000 in total during the Previous Year;  have made eligible purchases* totaling $5 million or more in the aggregate in the Previous Year, across all of its American Express U.S.-issued: Business Charge Card and Business Credit Card Accounts (including purchases made by Additional Card Members), Corporate Card Accounts, and Business Travel Accounts, and through the American Express Buyer Initiated Payments platform in the U.S. (the “Spending Requirement”).  *Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, Purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Product features vary. Not all of the foregoing transactions are available on every product that may be used to meet the Spending Requirement.  We use the date of purchase to determine whether a purchase was made during the Previous Year. A date of purchase may sometimes be different from the date on which you made the transaction. For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped. Also, if you use your Card while traveling (such as on a hotel or car rental), the purchase date may be the date you complete that travel. The foregoing are the “Eligibility Requirements”.Selection At the beginning of each calendar year, American Express will (1) determine which businesses met the Eligibility Requirements in the Previous Year, and, from that group, (2) identify the businesses that American Express, in its sole discretion, considers to be part of its middle market customer segment in the U.S. (“Eligible Middle Market Customers”). All Eligible Middle Market Customers will be included in the Program for the next Program Year, or until their participation in the Program is terminated in accordance with these Program Terms.  Termination of Tier One Status A business’s participation in the Program will automatically terminate upon the termination of its last American Express U.S. Business Charge Card or Corporate Card account, or at the end of the Program Year if the business is not selected for the Program for the following Program Year in accordance with these Program Terms. American Express may, in its sole discretion, terminate a business’s participation in the Program by written notice during the Program Year. American Express will have no further liability or obligation under the Program upon termination of a business’s participation in the Program. Participation in the Program, will not affect American Express’s maintenance of all Card accounts in accordance with its consistently applied risk policies and practices, including but not limited to underwriting decisions such as increasing or reducing spend capacity or lines of credit, and terminating accounts.  Interpretation Decisions of American Express with respect to the interpretation and application of these Program Terms – including decisions about a business’s eligibility for the Program – will be made by American Express in its sole discretion. If you have questions about your business’s eligibility for the Program, please call the number on the back of your Business Card or contact 1-888-800-8564. Modification of Tier One Program Terms American Express reserves the right to modify these Program Terms at any time. We will indicate that changes have been made by updating the “Last Modified” date above. Your continued participation in the Program after the Program Terms have been modified constitutes your agreement to the modified Program Terms. MODIFICATION & CANCELLATION OF THE PROGRAM American Express reserves the right to modify or cancel the Program at any time at its discretion without prior notice or liability to you.

Using Points for ChargesUsing Points for Your Charges is only available to Basic Consumer and OPEN Card Members enrolled in the U.S. Membership Rewards® program. Additional Card Members, Authorized Additional Card Members, and Corporate Card Members are not eligible. Account managers and Rewards managers may be eligible to use points by calling the number on the back of your Card but are not eligible to use points online. All Linked Card Accounts must not be canceled, past due or have a returned payment outstanding. A minimum of 1,000 Membership Rewards points in your program Account is required and you may use Membership Rewards points only toward the entire amount of an eligible charge. American Express will present the eligible charges you can use points towards, and we may change which charges are eligible at any time without notice. American Express is under no obligation to make charges available for redemption using Membership Rewards points. For each transaction, points will be debited immediately from your Membership Rewards program Account and a credit will be issued to your Linked Card Account for the corresponding dollar amount within 48 hours. Credits processed after the Card Account's statement closing date will appear in the following billing period. You are responsible for payment of the amount due on your Card Account by the due date even after using this feature. To learn about this feature and redeem points online, visit membershiprewards.com/yourcharges.

Vendor PayVendor Pay by Bill.com is available on American Express Business and Corporate Cards. Card Members must sign up for Vendor Pay and enroll the Card for payments by going to www.americanexpress.com/vendorpay. Not all suppliers may accept American Express virtual payments. The Basic plan has no monthly fee for the first user and no fee for a second user for six months from when the first user signs up. After six months, the second user will have a fee of $15 per month. The Advanced version has a monthly fee of $59 or $99 per user depending on select accounting systems. The monthly fees are set by Bill.com and subject to change at Bill.com's discretion. Fees are in addition to American Express Card fees. There are additional per transaction fees for check and ACH services.

Year–End SummaryThe Online Year–End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.


AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide
Baggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.

Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.

Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than two years, and we provide two additional years* if the original manufacturer's warranty is between two years and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms. *For residents of Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands, Your coverage will match the original warranty period for warranties of less than one (1) year or provide one (1) additional year if the warranty is between one (1) and five (5) years.

Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.

Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.


