Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONPayment InformationFor Credit Card
 Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors t
o consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Co
nsumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmoreFe
esAnnual Membership Fee$0 for the first year, then $95Transaction Fees Foreign T
ransaction2.7% of each transaction after conversion to US dollars.Penalty Fees L
ate PaymentUp to $38Returned PaymentUp to $38 TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full
 Card Member Agreement.By submitting this application, you are requesting us to 
open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified 
individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. You promise that the informatio
n you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this i
nformation and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize
 us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you a
t any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon r
equest, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and 
address of the agency that provided it. When you use your Account (or sign or ke
ep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be p
rovided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, wh
ich restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the account heard in co
urt or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proce
eding.  We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable law. We ma
y do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive environment. Change
s to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you in the 
notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms 
during the first year of your Card Membership. Additional Cards: Additional Card
 Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subject to t
he terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsible for all use of your A
ccount by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Account. You
 must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional Card Me
mbers information about your Account and to discuss it with them. Patriot Act No
tice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and reco
rd information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your 
name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify 
your identity.  Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marit
al property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's M
arital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to
 the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement 
or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree.  Notic
e to California Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate ac
count.Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permi
tted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Not
ice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law
 will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay mo
re than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any t
ime. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that
 all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and
 that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each indiv
idual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with
 this law.The American Express Green Card is issued by an American Express bank.
 ©2018  American Express. All rights reserved.POID CG0R:0005OFFER CODE: R0XA-20F
1O-1BHY-FYOFFER TERMSWelcome bonus offer not available to applicants who have or
 have had this product.25,000 Membership Rewards® Points You must charge $1,000 
of eligible purchases on the Green Card within the first three months of Card Me
mbership to earn the 25,000 Points starting from the date your account is approv
ed. Points will be credited to your Program account within 8-12 weeks after you 
have met the Threshold Amount. If we in our sole discretion determine that you h
ave engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome bonus off
er in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one o
r more cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer(s) that we did not intend for you; 
if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or 
if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may
 not credit Membership Rewards® points to, we may freeze Membership Rewards® poi
nts credited to, or we may take away Membership Rewards® points from your accoun
t. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have wit
h us. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional
 Card Members on a single Card account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goo
ds and services minus returns and other credits and do NOT include: fees or inte
rest charges; purchases of travelers checks; purchases or reloading of prepaid c
ards; purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments; or purchases of other 
cash equivalents. Some American Express® Cards are not eligible for enrollment i
n the program. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at 
any time. Your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulf
illment of any offers.You can earn 25,000 Membership Rewards points after you sp
end $1,000 or more in qualifying purchases on your Card within your first 3 mont
hs of Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare i
nstances, your period to spend $1,000 may be shorter than 3months if there is a 
delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month pe
riod in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us o
r if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For exam
ple, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are sh
ipped). Points will be credited to your Program account within 8-12 weeks after 
you have met the Threshold Amount. American Express reserves the right to modify
 or revoke offer at any time. Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® p
rogram apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participat
ing partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice.The valu
e of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. T
o learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.Basic and Additional Ca
rds Annual FeeThe American Express® Green Card will have a $0 introductory annua
l fee for the first year of Card Membership. Also, if you add an Additional Card
 to your account at the time of application, you will not be charged an annual f
ee during the first year of the Card account for such Additional Card and any ot
her Additional Cards up to 5 in total. After the first year, the annual fee for 
the Basic Card will be $95 and the annual fee for the Additional Cards will be $
30 for up to 5 Additional Cards. If you add an Additional Card to your account f
ollowing your Basic Card application, you will be charged an annual fee of $30 f
or up to 5 Additional Cards. The annual fee for 6 or more Additional Cards is $3
0 for each Card.BENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and services are subject to 
change or cancellation.Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years
 old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.American Express
 Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively 
to all American Express® Card Members(including Prepaid and International Cards)
. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepaid and
 International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to avail
ability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. 
No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sol
e discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Memb
ers with disabilities.Amex Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app features are a
vailable only for eligible Card accounts in the United States. American Express®
 prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible
.To log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and password or c
reate one in the app.Amex Mobile appiOS and Android only. See app store listings
 for operating system infoDestination FamilyValid for new bookings made through 
American Express Travel and eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies with par
ticipating travel providers: Abercrombie &amp; Kent, Royal Caribbean Internation
al, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Benefit varies by provide
r. Payment must be made with an American Express Card. Program benefits may not 
be available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member m
ust travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit package per booking. May not b
e combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits
 are subject to change. Benefits listed are non- transferable, subject to availa
bility, and cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. Available to all U.S. America
n Express Corporate, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.Dispute ResolutionNot all 
disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.Entertainment Access®Offer vali
d in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exc
lusively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and Internatio
nal Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including P
repaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subjec
t to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sal
es final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time 
at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to
 Card Members with disabilities.Extra Membership Rewards® points at amextravel.c
om2x PointsMembership Rewards-enrolled Card Members get at least 1 Membership Re
wards® point for every eligible dollar spent on their Membership Rewards program
-enrolled American Express® Card. Those same Card Members will also get at least
 1 additional point for each dollar of eligible travel purchases made on amextra
vel.com on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express Card. Elig
ible travel purchases include all travel purchases made with your Membership Rew
ards program-enrolled American Express® Card on amextravel.com, including air, p
repaid hotels, vacation packages (flight + hotel packages) or cruise reservation
s, minus returns and other credits. Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members 
are only eligible for 1 additional point on cruise reservations. Eligible travel
 purchases do NOT include car reservations, non-prepaid hotels, ticketing servic
e or other fees, or interest charges. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on 
other purchase categories or in connection with promotions or offers from Americ
an Express may not be combined with this offer, such as 5X bonuses for Platinum 
and Business Platinum Card Members. Any portion of a charge that you elect to co
ver through redemption of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to receive p
oints. If you have an Amex EveryDay Card product, additional points awarded unde
r this offer will not be included in the extra points benefit. Additional points
 will be credited to the Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after final paym
ent is made.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and 
assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, C
ard Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service provide
rs. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Instant Card 
NumberInstant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly valid
ate your identity. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive
 an instant account number that you can use virtually anywhere American Express 
is accepted and a physical card will not be required. You may not have access to
 your full credit line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after you conf
irm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 business days o
f account approval.Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid 
hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for
 the same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online
, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be sub
mitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guarant
eed" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and exc
ludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, inclu
ding, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, go
vernment/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked
 through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotion
s, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on 
opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your re
servation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive package
s, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or e
ntertainment, and (4) rates booked through the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS program
. DetailsMembership Rewards® Pay With PointsTo use Pay with Points, you must cha
rge your eligible purchase through American Express Travel or through a Pay with
 Points authorized travel agency to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled Ameri
can Express® Card. Eligible purchases through American Express Travel or through
 a Pay with Points authorized Travel agency exclude car reservations and non-pre
paid hotels. Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and cr
edit for corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card
 account used. If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of pur
chase price will remain on the American Express Card account. Minimum redemption
 5,000 points.See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program
 terms and conditions.If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time 
feature balance on your Linked Account (for example, the Extended Payment Option
), the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that P
ay Over Time feature balance. Instead the statement credit may be applied to you
r Pay in Full balance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by ca
lling the number on the back of your Card.Membership Rewards® ProgramTerms and C
onditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com
/terms for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are su
bject to change without notice. The value of Membership Rewards points varies ac
cording to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershipreward
s.com/pointsinfo.Membership Rewards® Program - Transfer Points (Domestic Airline
s)Enrollment in a participating Frequent Flyer program is required. Airline tick
ets are subject to availability. For each conversion of points into the Frequent
 Flyer program of a U.S. airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee
 of $99, will be charged to your Card account. We charge this fee to offset the 
federal excise tax we must pay on such conversions. The fee may be more or less 
than the actual amount of the excise tax we pay on any individual conversion. We
 may offer you the option to redeem points to cover this fee.No Interest Charges
If you become eligible, you may be given the option to extend payment over time 
on certain charges using our Pay Over Time feature(s). If you use these features
, you may accrue interest on any charges you choose to pay over time.No Preset S
pending LimitNo preset spending limit does not mean unlimited spending. Purchasi
ng power adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record 
and financial resources known to us, and other factors.Return ProtectionReturn P
rotection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligibl
e American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $3
00 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar y
ear based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase 
will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase co
ndition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were orig
inally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized 
vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important excl
usions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the Dis
trict of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federat
ed States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Isla
nds. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will
 reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additiona
l important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see
 americanexpress.com/RPterms.Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotl
ine is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow operator or locksmith to a
ssist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available 
at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charged for any services or goo
ds provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the following services: towin
g, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare
, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel
. Services are available when traveling within the 50 United States, the Distric
t of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Car
d Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This product does not cover some 
vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, trac
tors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions
 apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordination and assistance service
s in case of inclement weather or on roadways which restrict access to certain s
ervice providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transpond
er keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For f
ull Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.S
eller of TravelAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when actin
g solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actio
ns or inactions of such suppliers. We want you to be aware that certain supplier
s pay us commissions and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other go
als, and may also provide incentives to our travel counselors. For more informat
ion please visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Was
hington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa TA#669.Shop Small® MapOnly qualifying American Exp
ress Card accepting small merchants will be featured on the map. Please note tha
t business location and other information provided on the map may contain inaccu
racies or errors, including as a result of information provided by third parties
. The data on this map is constantly being updated, please continually check bac
k for updates.Shop with Membership Rewards PointsWelcome. If you use points for 
products through membershiprewards.com, you accept these Conditions of Use. Plea
se read them carefully.When using points for products through membershiprewards.
com you are purchasing directly from a merchant, not from American Express. Part
icipating merchants determine (i) product prices and availability, (ii) offers, 
promotions and applicable restrictions, (iii) estimated shipping and (iv) estima
ted tax, all of which are subject to change and are only confirmed in the order 
confirmation email sent by the merchant.USE OF THIS SITEYou agree to use this si
te for lawful purposes only. American Express reserves the right to interrupt or
 restrict your access to this site, without notice to you, if we suspect fraudul
ent or abusive activity. American Express uses commercially reasonable efforts t
o maintain the security of this site; however, you acknowledge and agree that th
ere is no guarantee of absolute security of information that is communicated ove
r the Internet.USE OF MEMBERSHIP REWARDS POINTSFor accounts that qualify, Member
ship Rewards points will be deducted for the purchase amount displayed at checko
ut; such amount includes estimated tax and estimated shipping/handling charges. 
A debit for the purchase, including actual tax and actual shipping/handling char
ges, will be issued by the participating merchant and a credit for the purchase 
amount displayed at checkout, will be issued to the Card account selected during
 checkout. Please note: The debit and the credit may not appear on the same stat
ement. If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time feature balance
 on your Card account (for example, the Extended Payment Option), the statement 
credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time feat
ure balance. Instead the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full bal
ance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by calling the number 
on the back of your Card.Permitted returns of merchandise may result in a credit
 on your Card account. You can convert this credit back into points by calling M
embership Rewards.The following Membership Rewards enrollees are not eligible to
 use points to purchase products through membershiprewards.com: • Membership Rew
ards enrollees with any Card account that is past due, canceled, or has a return
 payment outstanding.REJECTED ORDERSIf we are unable to place your order with th
e participating merchant you have selected, your order will be cancelled. If thi
s occurs, you will receive an email notifying you of the order cancelation. If y
ou have an active Membership Rewards program account, the points associated with
 the cancelled order will be returned to your program account. As a result, the 
Card account you selected at checkout will have both a statement credit and a re
versal of that statement credit for the dollar amount associated with the points
 you redeemed for the cancelled order. If you have an inactive program account, 
the points you redeemed for the cancelled order will not be returned to your pro
gram account and you will have a statement credit for the dollar amount associat
ed with the points you redeemed for the cancelled order on the Card account you 
selected at checkout.PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONSYou acknowledge that participating merc
hants provide their own product descriptions. American Express does not warrant 
that such product descriptions of the site are accurate, complete, reliable, cur
rent, or error-free.CONFIRMING PRICESThe price for the items in your Shopping Ca
rt reflects the most recent price provided to American Express by the merchant. 
Please note that this price may differ from the price shown for the item when yo
u first placed it in your cart. If during order placement with the merchant, an 
item's price is higher than the price indicated at checkout on the site we will 
cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. However, if the shipping 
or tax charges are higher than the estimates indicated on the site, we will proc
eed with and place your orderSHIPPINGShipping fees, policies and limitations are
 determined by the merchant, and shipping fees are only confirmed in the order c
onfirmation email sent by the merchant. Please note, only a selection of merchan
ts ship to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands, For each parti
cipating merchant's full shipping details visit the Store Details and Policies p
ageWEB SITE RULES AND REGULATIONSAll rules, regulations and disclaimers set fort
h in the American Express Web Site Rules and Regulations apply to your use of th
is site, and are incorporated by reference into these Conditions of Use. Please 
carefully review the Web Site Rules and Regulations.ShopRunnerShopRunner Benefit
 Terms and Conditions Enrolling in the Benefit. To get the free ShopRunner membe
rship benefit compliments of American Express (the "benefit"), you must go to ww
w.shoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify your eligibility for the benefit wit
h an eligible Card account number and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner
 membership account ("ShopRunner account"). For details on how the ShopRunner me
mbership works, please see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.sh
oprunner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use of your ShopRunner membership benefi
t. You may also be able to enroll in this benefit through access provided to Sho
pRunner at participating online stores or through an email provided by American 
Express if it has determined that you have an eligible Card. An "eligible Card" 
means an American Express U.S. Consumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card 
that is not cancelled and that is issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of 
American Express. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards a
nd American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial i
nstitutions are not eligible. ShopRunner will verify with American Express the e
ligibility of your Credit or Charge Card account number for the benefit. Maintai
ning the Benefit. To maintain this benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must 
maintain an eligible Card. The benefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner accou
nt if you do not have an eligible Card. You can maintain only one benefit per el
igible Card. During your enrollment in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Expr
ess will verify your benefit eligibility. Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Membe
rships. If you enroll in the benefit and sign up with an existing ShopRunner acc
ount, ShopRunner will cancel the term of your existing ShopRunner account. If yo
u paid a fee for any unused portion of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRun
ner will provide you with a pro rata refund for that portion in accordance with 
ShopRunner's refund policy. The refund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after 
enrollment and will be issued to the payment method you used to pay the fee. If 
a portion of the cancelled term of membership was promotional or free, the free 
period will be cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by you. If you currently ha
ve a free or promotional membership on your ShopRunner account, you should consi
der whether to enroll in the benefit at this time.General Terms. An eligible Car
d can be used to verify eligibility for only one benefit enrollment. American Ex
press may receive and use your personal data from ShopRunner, which may include 
personally identifiable information and Credit Card information, to determine el
igibility and further develop features and services related to the benefit. Amer
ican Express may send you emails regarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any 
information American Express collects from you or from ShopRunner shall be gover
ned by the American Express Online Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpres
s.com/privacy). American Express may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminat
e this benefit at any time. You can review these Terms and Conditions at any tim
e by visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.Spending LimitsWhen you req
uest that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Addition
al Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement
, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreemen
t.At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of P
urchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associate
d with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your re
quest, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access t
ransactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card number
s associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account.
 If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Me
mber will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applic
able limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (suc
h as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Pu
rchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit ma
y not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined be
low) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing p
eriod that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing 
period.Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with me
rchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat s
ome Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not bei
ng subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to wh
ether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or
 any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges
 are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchan
ts to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documen
tation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded 
when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant
 obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to 
us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the s
ame time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not l
imited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board ai
rplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle renta
ls; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail orde
r Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; t
elecommunications charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxica
b charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rent
als; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and
 Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to
 your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not 
be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheq
ues obtained other than by telephone from us.The Spending Limit for the Addition
al Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Car
d, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's acc
ount terms and conditions.The American Express Auto Purchasing Program Disclosur
eFor a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that a C
ertified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP on any in-stock vehic
le that is the same make, model, and trim as your Configured Vehicle. The Guaran
teed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is based on a vehicle without factory o
r dealer installed options and includes generally available manufacturer incenti
ves. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that 
the Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP of the vehicle w
ith the specific VIN listed and includes savings on factory-installed options. I
f you change your vehicle or the optional features, it will change your savings.
 For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.Using Points for Cha
rgesUsing Points for Your Charges is only available to Basic Consumer and OPEN C
ard Members enrolled in the U.S. Membership Rewards® program. Additional Card Me
mbers, Authorized Additional Card Members, and Corporate Card Members are not el
igible. Account managers and Rewards managers may be eligible to use points by c
alling the number on the back of your Card but are not eligible to use points on
line. All Linked Card Accounts must not be canceled, past due or have a returned
 payment outstanding. A minimum of 1,000 Membership Rewards points in your progr
am Account is required and you may use Membership Rewards points only toward the
 entire amount of an eligible charge. American Express will present the eligible
 charges you can use points towards, and we may change which charges are eligibl
e at any time without notice. American Express is under no obligation to make ch
arges available for redemption using Membership Rewards points. For each transac
tion, points will be debited immediately from your Membership Rewards program Ac
count and a credit will be issued to your Linked Card Account for the correspond
ing dollar amount within 48 hours. Credits processed after the Card Account's st
atement closing date will appear in the following billing period. You are respon
sible for payment of the amount due on your Card Account by the due date even af
ter using this feature. To learn about this feature and redeem points online, vi
sit membershiprewards.com/yourcharges.Year-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summar
y, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from 
January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCL
OSURESFor important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benef
itsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Ass
urance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy A
X0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the P
lan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam und
er Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of American 
Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor 
Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusion
s of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. 
This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you mu
st pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, 
or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Cove
red Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's
 American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Reward
s® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If yo
u use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another pro
gram to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product p
rovides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any
 primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the l
oss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see am
ericanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Rental Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss a
nd Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Of
fice, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Po
licy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Ma
rine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This b
enefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micr
onesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is d
etermined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to
 your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not suppleme
nt or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle 
rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride
-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. Th
is policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off-road vehicles, limousines and a
ntique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides sec
ondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary in
surance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehi
cle but does not cover such things as injuries to you, any passenger in your ins
ured vehicle, injury to other persons, or damages to other vehicles or property.
 For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended Warr
antyExtended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative 
Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or 
Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Mar
ine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This be
nefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micro
nesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is d
etermined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to
 your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not suppleme
nt or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original
 manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the lengt
h of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than 
one year, and we provide one additional year if the original manufacturer's warr
anty is between one year and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the pur
chase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with p
hysical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devi
ces and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will onl
y be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited
 up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Ca
rd Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased i
tem to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full 
Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchas
e Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, P
hoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP
-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacif
ic Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is 
not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Ma
rshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined 
by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card
 and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or repl
ace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunde
d. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable
 and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or
 normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbu
rsed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,
000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar y
ear. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will
 reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage.
 This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you
 have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Acc
ident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Compa
ny, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Po
licy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underw
ritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000
111 . This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated St
ates of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. C
overage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies a
pplicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does 
not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Far
e for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eli
gible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common 
Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Car
d or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American
 Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of
 payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all o
r part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusions an
d restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your acco
unt must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the original ch
arge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.