Plum Card®  Benefits & DetailsHave More Flexibility over your payments
No Preset Spending Limit*The Plum Card has no pre-set spending limit, which gives you purchasing power that adjusts with your use of the Card and other factors.‡*No Preset Spending Limit does not mean unlimited spending.
Purchasing power adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record and financial resources known to us, and other factors.Choose Your Billing CycleChoose to receive your bill at the beginning, middle, or end of the month.
You can get an unlimited 1.5% Early Pay Discount on the amount paid within 10 days of your statement closing date and see the discount applied to your next statement, when you pay the Minimum Due by the Payment Due Date.‡Employee CardsGet additional flexibility with Employee Plum Cards at no additional annual fee.
Employee Plum Cards can make it easier for your team to do their jobs, while making it easier for you to stay on top of their spending.
Plus, earn an Early Pay Discount on Employee Card purchases.‡Travel & Transportation perks and protection when you're doing business on the road
No Foreign Transaction FeesMake international purchases for your business without foreign transaction fees.‡¤Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, You can be covered for Damage to or Theft of a Rental Vehicle in a Covered Territory when You use your Eligible Card to reserve and pay for the EntireRental and decline the collision damage waiver at the Rental Company counter.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.
Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered.
Coverage is not available for vehicles rented in Australia,Italy and New Zealand.
This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Global Assist® Hotline‡Whenever you travel more than 100 miles from home, you may be eligible for 24/7 emergency assistance and coordination services, including medical, legal, and passport referrals, emergency cash wires, and missing luggage assistance.
Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.
Other terms and conditions apply.‡Expense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses
Account ManagerWhen you designate an Account Manager, you can allow trusted individuals - like an assistant or business partner - to access and manage your Business Card account.
So you can trust your Account Manager to get the work done when you can't be there.‡American Express® Business AppSimplify the way you and your employees manage Business Card receipts with the American Express® Business App.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help you avoid late payments, notify you of irregular activity, and monitor Employee Card spending.‡Year-End SummaryAt the beginning of each calendar year, see a complete summary that categorizes your spend by month and purchase type, and helps you track your business expenses down to the last detail.‡Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.American Express® AppEasily manage your account, pay your bill, check your balance, view your benefits and more from your mobile phone or tablet.‡Vendor Pay by Bill.com‡You can make the most out of paying your business bills.
Improve your cash flow and take advantage of Card benefits when you use your Card to pay bills with Vendor Pay by Bill.com.Take advantage of Vendor Pay by Bill.com by enrolling your Card.
With the Basic plan, there is no monthly fee for the first user.
Additional fees may apply based on plan type and number of users.Even More Benefits for Card Members
Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding.
With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone.
Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.Dispute ResolutionIf there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement, American Express will work with you to help resolve the issue.‡Extended Warranty♦︎With Extended Warranty♦︎ you can shop with less worry knowing the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty can be extended up to one additional year.
Applies to warranties of 5 years or less on Covered Purchases in the United States or its territories or possessions.Purchase Protection♦︎As a Card Member, your Covered Purchase can be covered for up to 90 days from the Covered Purchase date when you charge the Covered Purchased item with your Eligible Card account.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.