Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGE
SAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases17.24% to 26.24%, based on your credi
tworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening. This
 APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers
17.24% to  26.24% APR on balance transfers requested within 60 days of account o
pening based on your creditworthiness and other factors.This APR will vary with 
the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary
 with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When it Applies29.99%Th
is APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied
 to new transactions on your account if:1) you make one or more late payments; o
r2) your payment is returned by your bankWe may also consider your creditworthin
ess in determining whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.How L
ong Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for
 at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR 
is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made tim
ely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.Payin
g InterestYour due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing peri
od. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your enti
re balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) 
by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance tr
ansfers on the transaction date.Plan Fee  (Fixed Finance Charge) Up to 1.17% of 
each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would o
therwise apply to the purchase and other factors.For Credit Card Tips from the C
onsumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmoreFeesAnnual Members
hip Fee$450Transaction Fees Cash AdvanceEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each ca
sh advance, whichever is greater.Foreign TransactionNonePenalty Fees Late Paymen
tUp to $38Returned PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneHow We Will Calculate Your Balan
ce: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."Los
s of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty AP
R if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Pa
yment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%. Variable APRs f
or each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street 
Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may n
ot publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rat
e from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable 
APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Mi
nimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variabl
e APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are 
accurate as of 03/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreem
ent.By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in 
your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or o
ver may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.You promis
e that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authoriz
e us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting ag
encies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share informatio
n we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as per
mitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer rep
ort and the name and address of the agency that provided it. When you use your A
ccount (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agr
eement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbi
tration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to th
e account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class ac
tion or similar proceeding.  We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to 
applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitiv
e environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we 
will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot 
change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership. Additional C
ards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your
 Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsible 
for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to 
use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to gi
ve Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with
 them. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to ob
tain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an acc
ount, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that wil
l allow us to verify your identity. Balance Transfers: Only balance transfers fr
om accounts in your name requested within 60 days from the date of account openi
ng will be approved. We will charge your Card account for the total approved amo
unt of all balance transfers. No transfer will be processed if: (1) any requeste
d transfer is less than $100; (2) the total amount of all requested transfers ex
ceeds the lesser of $7,500 or 75% of your credit limit; or (3) charging the requ
ested transfers to your Card account would cause your total account balance to e
xceed your credit limit. We will not initiate any balance transfer until at leas
t ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card Member Agreement 
to you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a balance transfe
r. Please be sure to make all required payments on any account from which you ar
e transferring a balance until the balance transfer is credited to that account.
 You authorize us to verify the balance of such accounts. You may not transfer b
alances from any account issued by American Express or any of its affiliates. Ad
ditional Card Members may not request or authorize balance transfers. Your balan
ce transfer request may be declined if any of your American Express accounts are
 not in good standing. Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of an
y marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wiscon
sin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, p
rior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agr
eement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree.
  New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Departme
nt of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information 
on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Depart
ment of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govNotice to California 
Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.Cash advan
ce at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to ob
tain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash adva
nces by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.Notice to D
elaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will 
be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon Res
idents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged 
on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minim
um payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to Oh
io Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors ma
ke credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit repo
rting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon reques
t. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.The Hil
ton Honors American Express Aspire Card is issued by an American Express bank. ©
2018 American Express. All rights reserved. ©2018 Hilton.POID G9AX:0001OFFER TER
MSWelcome bonus offer not available to applicants who have or have had this prod
uct.100,000 Hilton Honors Bonus PointsYou can earn 100,000 Hilton Honors Bonus P
oints after you spend $4,000 on purchases on your Card in your first 3 months of
 Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved. Purchases to m
eet the spend requirement of this offer include those made by both the Basic and
 Additional Card Members on the Card Account. Purchases to meet the spend requir
ement of this offer do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, 
cash advances, purchase of travelers checks, purchase or reloading of prepaid ca
rds, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or other cash equivalen
ts. Hilton Honors Bonus Points will be credited to your Hilton Honors account 6 
– 8 weeks after the spend requirement has been reached. If we in our sole discre
tion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection w
ith the welcome bonus offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example,
 if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer(s) that we
 did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 month
s after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the 
Threshold Amount), we may not credit Bonus Points to your account. We may also c
ancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us. Additional
 Card Members are not eligible to receive this offer. Bonus Points do not count 
toward elite tier qualification; for more information, visit HiltonHonors.com/te
rms. Your account must be in good standing and not in default at the time of ful
fillment of any offers. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke 
offer at any time. In rare instances, your period to spend $4,000 may be shorter
 than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may f
all outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants su
bmitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you ma
de the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may
 be the date the goods are shipped).BENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and serv
ices are subject to change or cancellation.$100 Property CreditWhen you use your
 Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card to book through HiltonHonors.com/asp
irecard or by calling Hilton Honors at (855) 292-5757, for a two-night minimum s
tay at Waldorf Astoria® Hotels &amp; Resorts, and Conrad® Hotels &amp; Resorts, 
you will be eligible to receive a property credit of up to $100 per booking. You
 must confirm you are booking a room package eligible for the $100 property cred
it benefit at time of booking. Please reference ZZAAP1 when booking by phone. Ca
rd Member will receive a hotel credit equal to $1 for each dollar of qualifying 
charges made at the Hilton property under the Card Member's booking, up to $100.
 The property credit will be applied as hotel credit on your bill at checkout (a
nd not on your American Express billing statement). Qualifying charges do NOT in
clude property fees, taxes, gratuities and the cost of the room. Additional excl
usions based on specific hotel restrictions may also apply (including, without l
imitation, purchases within the hotel that are made with a third party merchant)
. Please see the applicable hotel front desk for details. Stays booked by either
 the Basic or an Additional Card Member on the eligible Card account are eligibl
e for the $100 property credit benefit. Each booking is only eligible to receive
 a property credit of up to $100, regardless of the number of rooms booked. The 
property credit cannot be carried over to another stay, is not redeemable for ca
sh, and expires at checkout if not used. The property credit is non-exchangeable
 and non-refundable and is applied in USD or equivalent in local currency based 
on exchange rate at time of checkout. May not be combined with other offers or p
rograms unless indicated. Back-to-back stays within a 24-hour period at the same
 property are considered one stay.$250 Airline Fee Credit*American Express relie
s on accurate airline transaction data to identify incidental fee purchases. If 
you do not see a statement credit for a qualifying incidental purchase on your e
ligible Card after 4 weeks, simply call the number on the back of your Card. See
 terms &amp; conditions for more details.$250 Airline Fee CreditBenefit is avail
able to Hilton Honors Aspire Card Members only. To receive statement credits of 
up to $250 per calendar year toward incidental air travel fees, Card Member must
 select one qualifying airline at www.americanexpress.com/airlinecreditchoice. O
nly the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Card Account c
an select the qualifying airline. Card Members who have not chosen one qualifyin
g airline will be able to do so at any time. Card Members who have already selec
ted one qualifying airline will be able to change their choice one time each yea
r in January at www.americanexpress.com/airlinecreditchoice or by calling the nu
mber on the back of the Card. Card Members who do not change their airline selec
tion will remain with their current airline. Statement Credits: Incidental air t
ravel fees must be charged to the Card Member on the eligible Card Account for t
he benefit to apply. Purchases made by both the Basic and Additional Card Member
s on the eligible Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, each
 Card Account is eligible for up to a total of $250 per calendar year in stateme
nt credits across all Cards on the Card Account. Incidental air travel fees must
 be separate charges from airline ticket charges. Fees not charged by the Card M
ember's airline of choice (e.g. wireless internet and fees incurred with airline
 alliance partners) do not qualify for statement credits. Incidental air travel 
fees charged prior to selection of a qualifying airline are not eligible for sta
tement credits. Airline tickets, upgrades, mileage points purchases, mileage poi
nts transfer fees, gift cards, duty free purchases, and award tickets are not de
emed to be incidental fees. The airline must submit the charge under the appropr
iate merchant code, industry code, or required service or product identifier for
 the charge to be recognized as an incidental air travel fee. Please allow 2-4 w
eeks after the qualifying incidental air travel fee is charged to your Card Acco
unt for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Card Account. We rely on airline
s to submit the correct information on airline transactions, so please call the 
number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 4 week
s from the date of purchase. Card Members remain responsible for timely payment 
of all charges.$250 Hilton Resort CreditDuring each year of your Card Membership
 ("reward year"), you are eligible to receive up to $250 total in statement cred
its on your Card Account for eligible purchases made directly with participating
 Hilton Resorts with your Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card during that
 reward year. Your first reward year begins on your account opening date. Each s
ubsequent reward year begins on the anniversary of your account opening date. El
igible Hilton Resort purchases must be made directly with the participating Hilt
on Resort and charged to your Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card account
 for the benefit to apply. Incidental charges (including charges made at restaur
ants, spas, and other establishments within the hotel property) must be charged 
to your room and paid for with your Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card a
t checkout in order for them to be recognized as Hilton Resort purchases. Visit 
hilton.com/resorts for the list of participating Hilton Resorts. Purchases made 
by both the Basic and Additional Card Members on the eligible Card Account are e
ligible for statement credits. However, each Card Account is eligible for up to 
a total of $250 per renewal year in statement credits across all Cards on the Ca
rd Account. Please allow 8-12 weeks after the eligible Hilton purchase is charge
d to your Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. Plea
se call the number on the back of your Card if statement credits have not posted
 after 12 weeks from the date of purchase. Card Members remain responsible for t
imely payment of all charges.Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18
 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.American E
xpress Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclus
ively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International
 Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prep
aid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject t
o availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales 
final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at 
the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Ca
rd Members with disabilities.Amex Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app feature
s are available only for eligible Card accounts in the United States. American E
xpress® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not e
ligible.To log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and passwo
rd or create one in the app.Amex Mobile appiOS and Android only. See app store l
istings for operating system infoAnnual Weekend Night Reward from Hilton HonorsD
uring each year of your Card Membership, you will receive one Annual Weekend Nig
ht Reward from Hilton Honors. The Annual Weekend Night Reward will be issued in 
the form of a redeemable code and sent in an email from Hilton Honors to the ema
il address listed on your Hilton Honors account. You will receive the reward ema
il within 8-14 weeks after opening your Card Account and each year within 8-14 w
eeks after your Card Account anniversary date. This benefit is only available to
 the Basic Card Member on the Card Account. The Annual Weekend Night Reward can 
be redeemed for one weekend night standard accommodation, double occupancy, subj
ect to availability at properties in the Hilton portfolio, excluding those liste
d at HiltonHonors.com/weekendreward. A weekend night is defined as Friday, Satur
day or Sunday night. To redeem the Annual Weekend Night Reward, Card Members mus
t call 1-800-446-6677 and mention the code provided by Hilton Honors. The Annual
 Weekend Night Reward expires within one year from the date of issuance and must
 be redeemed on or before the expiration date. An Annual Weekend Night Reward wi
ll be forfeited if not redeemed on or before the expiration date. Card members a
re only eligible to receive this benefit once per year of your Card membership. 
You are only eligible to receive the Annual Weekend Night Reward once per year o
f Card membership, and you are only able to receive this benefit with an upgrade
 to the Hilton Honors Aspire Card one time. To ensure receipt of the reward e-ma
il notification, you should confirm the correct email address is listed on your 
Hilton Honors account profile. You can also check your Hilton Honors account for
 the status of any Annual Weekend Night Reward issued to you (including the expi
ration date) by calling 1-800-446-6677. The Annual Weekend Night Reward is not t
ransferable and may not be redeemed for cash or Hilton Honors Points. An Annual 
Weekend Night Reward may be combined with other Hilton or Free Night promotions 
in market and may be added to an existing paid or Reward stay. Annual Weekend Ni
ght Reward includes all applicable taxes; however, the Card Member may be respon
sible for payment of additional mandatory resort fees at participating Hilton re
sorts where resort fees are applicable, and is responsible for all incidental ch
arges. Annual Weekend Night Reward redemptions may be cancelled pursuant to the 
Weekend Night Reward cancellation policy on the Hilton Honors Program website (h
iltonhonors.com).ConciergeThere is no cost to you for services a concierge perfo
rms on your behalf, although you are responsible for any purchases, fees and/or 
shipping charges you authorize to be charged to your Card account. We reserve th
e right to note profile and preference data for servicing and marketing purposes
. We are not responsible for notifying a restaurant of any food allergies when s
uggesting or making reservations at restaurants.Destination FamilyValid for new 
bookings made through American Express Travel and eligible Travel Associate Plat
form agencies with participating travel providers: Abercrombie &amp; Kent, Royal
 Caribbean International, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Ben
efit varies by provider. Payment must be made with an American Express Card. Pro
gram benefits may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United
 States. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit package 
per booking. May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout da
tes apply and benefits are subject to change. Benefits listed are non- transfera
ble, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. Availab
le to all U.S. American Express Corporate, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.Disp
ute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.Drive Off
 With Savings &amp; Hilton Honors Bonus PointsA qualifying rental must meet the 
following: The Primary Driver's Hilton Honors number must be provided at time of
 reservation. The name of the member associated with the Hilton Honors number pr
ovided must match the Primary Driver's name on the rental to qualify for mileage
 awards. Only one Hilton Honors member per car rental will be credited with poin
ts. Special contracted corporate or promotional rates such as employee, net tour
, travel agent, group, wholesale or package rates, crew, insurance/dealer replac
ement or other or non-revenue rentals do not qualify for points. Multiple rental
s that encompass different cars on the same or consecutive days from the same lo
cation shall be counted as a single qualifying rental even if the member checks 
the car in and back out during the same period.Entertainment Access®Offer valid 
in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclu
sively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and Internationa
l Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Pre
paid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject 
to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales
 final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at
 the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to C
ard Members with disabilities.Hilton Honors Bonus Points on Eligible PurchasesHi
lton Honors Bonus Points earned using your Hilton Honors American Express Aspire
 Card: You will receive 3 Hilton Honors Bonus Points for each dollar of eligible
 purchases. You will receive 11 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points, for a tot
al of 14, for each dollar of eligible purchases charged directly with a property
 within the Hilton portfolio, including bookings and incidental charges. To rece
ive the 11 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points for charges made at the time of
 booking, the booking must be made directly through a reservation channel operat
ed by Hilton. You can receive the 11 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points for i
ncidental charges made on the Hilton hotel property (including charges made at r
estaurants, spas, and other establishments) if those charges can be and are char
ged to your room and paid for with your Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Ca
rd at checkout. You will receive 4 additional Hilton Honors Bonus Points, for a 
total of 7, for each dollar of eligible purchases at the following categories of
 merchants: restaurants located in the U.S., airfare on a scheduled flight charg
ed directly with passenger airlines or amextravel.com (charter flights and priva
te jet flights are excluded); and purchases directly from select major car renta
l companies listed at americanexpress.com/rewards-info. To get additional points
 for a restaurant purchase, the purchase must be at a restaurant located in the 
United States. You will NOT get additional points for purchases made at a restau
rant owned by a U.S. company but located outside the U.S. (e.g. Hard Rock Café i
n Paris). You also will NOT get additional points for purchases at nightclubs, c
onvenience stores, grocery stores, or supermarkets. You may not get additional p
oints for purchases at a restaurant located within another establishment (e.g. a
 restaurant inside a hotel, casino, or event venue). For example, purchases made
 at a restaurant located within a hotel may be recognized as a purchase at a hot
el, not a restaurant. Bonus Points do not count toward elite tier qualification 
in the Hilton Honors program. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and ser
vices minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or
 interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers chec
ks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-
person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Hilton Honors Bonus Poi
nts you earn with your Card will be posted to your Hilton Honors account 6 to 8 
weeks after the end of your billing period. Merchants are assigned codes based o
n what they primarily sell. A purchase will not earn additional points if the me
rchant's code is not eligible. Purchases made through a third-party payment acco
unt or on an online marketplace (with multiple retailers) will not earn addition
al points. A purchase may not earn additional points if the merchant submits the
 purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digit
al wallet. Please visit americanexpress.com/rewards-info for more information ab
out rewards.Hilton Honors Complimentary Diamond StatusYou will receive complimen
tary Hilton Honors Diamond status with your Hilton Honors American Express Aspir
e Card. Complimentary Diamond status benefit is only available to the Basic Card
 Member. If your Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card is cancelled for any
 reason, your complimentary Hilton Honors Diamond status provided with the Card 
will be cancelled. American Express reserves the right to change, modify or revo
ke complimentary Diamond status at any time. If your complimentary Diamond statu
s is cancelled, you may be able to maintain your Diamond status by qualifying un
der the Hilton Honors Program terms. Diamond status benefits are subject to avai
lability and vary by hotel. For more information on Diamond status benefits or h
ow to maintain Diamond status each year with qualifying stays, nights or Hilton 
Honors Base Points through the Hilton Honors Program, and for complete Terms and
 Conditions, visit HiltonHonors.com/MemberBenefits.Hilton Honors Program &amp; C
opyrightHilton Honors membership, earning and redemption of Points are subject t
o Hilton Honors Terms &amp; Conditions. Excludes Hampton by Hilton Hotels in Mai
nland China. © 2018 HiltonHilton Honors and all trademarks of the Hilton Portfol
io are owned by Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. or its subsidiaries.Insta
nt Card NumberInstant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instant
ly validate your identity. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will
 receive an instant account number that you can use virtually anywhere American 
Express is accepted and a physical card will not be required. You may not have a
ccess to your full credit line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after 
you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 busines
s days of account approval.No Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not 
charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the Unit
ed States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merc
hants charge a fee on foreign transactions.Pay ItPay ItSM is only available in t
he American Express Mobile app for your eligible Account. With the Pay It featur
e, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a billed purchase less than $10
0. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to that billed purchase but to your
 outstanding balance in accordance with how we apply payments.Your account is el
igible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or Additional Card Member of a 
Credit Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express that
 is not cancelled. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Charge Cards, Am
erican Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and Americ
an Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutio
ns are not eligible.Plan ItPlan ItSM allows you to create up to 10 active paymen
t plans for qualifying purchases of $100 or more, subject to a plan fee. This fe
e is a fixed finance charge that will be charged each month that a plan is activ
e.You may use this feature by selecting a qualifying purchase and a plan duratio
n. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your American Express online accou
nt or American Express Mobile for your eligible Account. Qualifying purchases do
 not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents, purchases subject to Foreign
 Transaction Fees or any fee owed to us, including Annual Membership fees.Your a
bility to create plans will be based on a variety of factors such as your credit
worthiness or your credit limit. You will not be able to create plans if your Ac
count is canceled. You will not be able to create plans if one or more of your A
merican Express accounts is enrolled into a debt management program, or has a pa
yment that is returned unpaid, or is delinquent. The number of active plans and 
plan durations offered to you will be at our discretion and will be based on a v
ariety of factors such as your creditworthiness, the purchase amount, and your A
ccount history.Plan It is available to Credit Card accounts issued by a U.S. ban
king subsidiary of American Express. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Ac
count Manager(s) on the Account can select a qualifying purchase for Plan It. Pr
epaid Cards and products, American Express Charge Cards, American Express Corpor
ate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded ca
rds or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.P
remium Global Assist® HotlineWhile Premium Global Assist® Hotline coordination a
nd assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express
, Card Members may be responsible for the costs charged by third-party service p
roviders. Premium Global Assist Hotline may provide emergency medical transporta
tion assistance at no cost if approved and coordinated by Premium Global Assist 
Hotline. For full Terms and Conditions call 1-800-345-AMEX or see americanexpres
s.com/GAterms.Premium Roadside AssistancePremium Roadside Assistance provides th
e following services at no additional cost up to 4 times per calendar year when 
Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle: towing up to 10 miles, winchin
g, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout 
service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Card Mem
ber will be charged for the costs of towing in excess of 10 miles and any other 
additional services. Coverage is available in the 50 United States, the District
 of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. This product does
 not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicense
d vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other impo
rtant exclusions apply. In case of inclement weather, we may be unable to provid
e you with services. Services may not be available or may be at the cost of the 
Card Member on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lock
out service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to ad
ditional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditio
ns, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.Priority Pass SelectPri
ority Pass Select membership provides access to airport lounges participating in
 the Priority Pass Select program. You must enroll your Hilton Honors American E
xpress Aspire Card in the Priority Pass™ Select program to access the benefits. 
Once enrolled, you will receive your Priority Pass Select card directly from Pri
ority Pass within 10 to 14 business days. There is no membership fee for Hilton 
Honors Aspire Card Members. All lounge visits are complimentary, with up to 2 gu
ests free of charge. You will be charged $27 for any additional guest. Priority 
Pass Select membership automatically renews on the anniversary date of your enro
llment in the Priority Pass Select program. Priority Pass membership may be canc
elled by American Express if your Card is cancelled. Priority Pass Select lounge
 partners and locations are subject to change. To access a lounge, you must show
 your valid Priority Pass Select card and an airline ticket for travel on the sa
me day for you and each of your guests. Additional Card Members are not eligible
 for this benefit. In some lounges, Priority Pass Select member must be 21 years
 of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Amenities may vary among airport 
lounge locations. Lounge fees and rules of participating lounges are subject to 
change. Priority Pass Select membership is subject to the Priority Pass Conditio
ns of Use. For complete Priority Pass terms and conditions and a listing of part
icipating lounges, please visit www.prioritypass.com/selectPriority Pass Select-
 Unlimited VisitsThese Terms and Conditions govern Hilton Honors American Expres
s Aspire Card Members' participation in and use of the Priority Pass™ Select pro
gram. Priority Pass is an independent airport lounge access program. At any visi
t to a Priority Pass Select lounge that admits guests, you may bring in two gues
ts for no charge. You will be charged $27 for any additional guests. Some lounge
s do not admit guests. By enrolling in Priority Pass Select, you agree that you 
will be responsible for any additional accompanying guest visits and that your C
ard will be automatically charged after you have signed for the additional guest
 visit and it has been reported to Priority Pass by the participating lounge. Ad
ditionally, you acknowledge and agree that American Express will verify your Car
d account number and provide updated Card account information to Priority Pass. 
Priority Pass will use this information to fulfill on the Priority Pass Select p
rogram and may use this information for marketing related to the program. Once e
nrolled, Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card Members whose Card account i
s not cancelled may access participating Priority Pass Select lounges by present
ing your Priority Pass Select card and airline boarding pass. In some lounges, P
riority Pass Select member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or 
guardian. Priority Pass Select members must adhere to all house rules of partici
pating lounges. Amenities may vary among airport lounge locations. Conference ro
oms, where available, may be reserved for a nominal fee. Priority Pass Select lo
unge partners and locations are subject to change. All Priority Pass Select memb
ers must adhere to the Priority Pass Conditions of Use, which will be sent to yo
u with your membership package, and can be viewed at www.prioritypass.com/select
. Upon receipt of your enrollment information, Priority Pass will send your Prio
rity Pass Select card and membership package which you should receive within 10-
14 business days. If you have not received the Priority Pass card after 14 days,
 please contact American Express using the number on the back of your Card. Plea
se note, Additional Card Members are not eligible for membership.Return Protecti
onReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on 
an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase
, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per 
calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the
 purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original p
urchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they
 were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. 
motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other impo
rtant exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of Americ
a, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samo
a, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Ma
riana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which ca
se we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to
 additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Condi
tions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assis
tance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow operator or lock
smith to assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is 
available at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charged for any servi
ces or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the following servi
ces: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a work
able spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallo
ns of fuel. Services are available when traveling within the 50 United States, t
he District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and onl
y when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This product does not c
over some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehi
cles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important 
exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordination and assistan
ce services in case of inclement weather or on roadways which restrict access to
 certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with
 transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusi
ons. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com
/RAterms.ShopRunnerShopRunner Benefit Terms and Conditions Enrolling in the Bene
fit. To get the free ShopRunner membership benefit compliments of American Expre
ss (the "benefit"), you must go to www.shoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify
 your eligibility for the benefit with an eligible Card account number and then 
complete the sign up for a ShopRunner membership account ("ShopRunner account").
 For details on how the ShopRunner membership works, please see the ShopRunner T
erms and Conditions at https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use
 of your ShopRunner membership benefit. You may also be able to enroll in this b
enefit through access provided to ShopRunner at participating online stores or t
hrough an email provided by American Express if it has determined that you have 
an eligible Card. An "eligible Card" means an American Express U.S. Consumer or 
Small Business Credit or Charge Card that is not cancelled and that is issued to
 you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Prepaid Cards and product
s, American Express Corporate Cards and American Express-branded Cards or accoun
t numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible. ShopRunner wi
ll verify with American Express the eligibility of your Credit or Charge Card ac
count number for the benefit. Maintaining the Benefit. To maintain this benefit 
on your ShopRunner account, you must maintain an eligible Card. The benefit may 
be cancelled on your ShopRunner account if you do not have an eligible Card. You
 can maintain only one benefit per eligible Card. During your enrollment in the 
benefit, ShopRunner and American Express will verify your benefit eligibility. T
reatment of Existing ShopRunner Memberships. If you enroll in the benefit and si
gn up with an existing ShopRunner account, ShopRunner will cancel the term of yo
ur existing ShopRunner account. If you paid a fee for any unused portion of the 
cancelled term of membership, ShopRunner will provide you with a pro rata refund
 for that portion in accordance with ShopRunner's refund policy. The refund will
 be processed within 2-4 weeks after enrollment and will be issued to the paymen
t method you used to pay the fee. If a portion of the cancelled term of membersh
ip was promotional or free, the free period will be cancelled by ShopRunner and 
forfeited by you. If you currently have a free or promotional membership on your
 ShopRunner account, you should consider whether to enroll in the benefit at thi
s time.General Terms. An eligible Card can be used to verify eligibility for onl
y one benefit enrollment. American Express may receive and use your personal dat
a from ShopRunner, which may include personally identifiable information and Cre
dit Card information, to determine eligibility and further develop features and 
services related to the benefit. American Express may send you emails regarding 
your enrollment in this benefit. Any information American Express collects from 
you or from ShopRunner shall be governed by the American Express Online Privacy 
Statement (https://www.americanexpress.com/privacy). American Express may change
, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminate this benefit at any time. You can review 
these Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/te
rms/amex/.Spending LimitsWhen you request that we apply a limit as described bel
ow on Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree t
o these terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, t
he terms of your Card Member Agreement.At your request, we may agree to apply a 
limit to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that 
are charged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Car
d Members on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the
 total dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing pe
riod, that are made using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Add
itional Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a 
guarantee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash
 access transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will n
ot take into account any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for paymen
ts), even if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. 
Any request that we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billi
ng period. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member
 prior to the date during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be s
ubject to the limit for that billing period.Because of systems or administrative
 considerations, arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we 
may, but are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactio
ns (collectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to
 pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you a
gree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not appli
ed to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limi
t. While we typically require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases
 and submit final transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a li
mit may not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authoriz
ation for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amo
unt of the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions ar
e not submitted or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained
. Examples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S.
, in duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international ai
rline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original 
reservation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurrin
g basis; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charge
s incurred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage 
or other fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; rest
aurant tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billi
ng period, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of tha
t billing period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency 
or for travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from u
s.The Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spendi
ng Limit is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be s
ubject to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions.The American Expr
ess Auto Purchasing Program DisclosureFor a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed S
avings represents the amount that a Certified Dealer guarantees that you will sa
ve off the MSRP on any in-stock vehicle that is the same make, model, and trim a
s your Configured Vehicle. The Guaranteed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is
 based on a vehicle without factory or dealer installed options and includes gen
erally available manufacturer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guarantee
d Savings represents the amount that the Certified Dealer guarantees that you wi
ll save off the MSRP of the vehicle with the specific VIN listed and includes sa
vings on factory-installed options. If you change your vehicle or the optional f
eatures, it will change your savings. For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnet
work.truecar.com.Weekend Night Reward from Hilton HonorsIf, in any calendar year
 of Card Membership, your total eligible purchases on your Hilton Honors Aspire 
account reach $60,000, you will receive a Weekend Night Reward from Hilton Honor
s. The Weekend Night Reward will be issued in the form of a redeemable code and 
sent to you in an email from Hilton Honors to the email address listed on your H
ilton Honors account. You will receive the reward email within 8-12 weeks after 
you have met the purchase requirement. This benefit is only available to the Bas
ic Card Member; however, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Members will
 contribute to the purchase requirement. Eligible purchases to meet the purchase
 requirement are for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligibl
e purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash adv
ances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, p
urchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or other cash equivalents. If
 you transfer to a different Hilton Honors American Express card, only the eligi
ble purchases you make on the new Card will count towards the new card's Weekend
 Night Reward purchase requirement. Any eligible purchases you made on your old 
card will not count toward the new card's Weekend Night Reward purchase requirem
ent. The Weekend Night Reward can be redeemed for one weekend night standard acc
ommodation, double occupancy, subject to availability, at properties in the Hilt
on portfolio, excluding those listed at HiltonHonors.com/weekendreward. A weeken
d night is defined as Friday, Saturday or Sunday night. To redeem the Weekend Ni
ght Reward, Card Members must call 1-800-446-6677 and mention the code provided 
by Hilton Honors. A Weekend Night Reward expires within one year from the date o
f issuance and must be redeemed on or before the expiration date. A Weekend Nigh
t Reward will be forfeited if not redeemed on or before the expiration date. To 
ensure receipt of the reward e-mail notification, you should confirm the correct
 email address is listed on your Hilton Honors account profile. You can also che
ck your Hilton Honors account for the status of any Weekend Night Rewards issued
 to you (including the expiration date) by calling 1-800-446-6677. This Reward i
s not transferable and may not be redeemed for cash or Hilton Honors Points. A W
eekend Night Reward may be combined with other Hilton or Free Night promotions i
n market and may be added to existing paid or Reward stays. A Weekend Night Rewa
rd includes all applicable taxes; however, the Card Member may be responsible fo
r payment of additional mandatory resort fees at participating Hilton Resorts wh
ere resort fees are applicable, and is responsible for all incidental charges. W
eekend Night Reward redemptions may be cancelled pursuant to the Weekend Night R
eward cancellation policy on the Hilton Honors Program website (hiltonhonors.com
).Year-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, r
eflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of
 the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on p
olicy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggag
e Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Offic
e, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Polic
y BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine 
Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefi
t is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesi
a, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determ
ined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your
 Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or
 replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on
 a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Ent
ire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You ca
n use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combina
tion with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay wi
th Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or fre
quent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the f
are, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This mea
ns it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. Fo
r checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Ca
rrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Renta
l Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten 
by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX092
5, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU 
and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Haga
tna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents
 of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and 
the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, 
and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change 
with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage
 applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental
 Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow indivi
duals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicl
es, e.g. off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Ter
ms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays 
eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product 
provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things a
s damages to other vehicles or property, or injury to other persons. For full Te
rms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended
 Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoe
nix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IN
D. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific 
Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not
 available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marsh
all Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by
 the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card a
nd is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replac
e the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacture
r's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the ori
ginal warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, an
d we provide one additional year if the original manufacturer's warranty is betw
een one year and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will n
ot be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical dama
ge, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehi
cles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered
 up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a max
imum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member ac
count per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, i
n which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Co
nditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection
 is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ u
nder Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For re
sidents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance
 Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not availabl
e to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islan
ds, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms
, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subj
ect to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Poli
cy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain p
urchases are not covered, e.g. consumable and perishable items, and motorized ve
hicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important 
exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eli
gible Card; coverage is limited up to $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,
000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the p
urchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost.
 This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits 
not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, 
see americanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insuran
ce is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ
 under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For 
residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insuran
ce Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not available to
 residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, 
Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, co
nditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject 
to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. 
To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g.
 plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full
 fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Add
itional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Expr
ess Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for t
he entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or po
ints from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be co
vered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, t
o be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the el
igible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, s
ee americanexpress.com/TAIterms.