Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGE
SAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases0% introductory APR for the first 15 
months.After that, your APR will be 14.49% to 25.49%, based on your creditworthi
ness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening. This APR wi
ll vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers0% intr
oductory APR for the first 15 months on balance transfers requested within 60 da
ys of account opening.After that, your APR for those transactions and any other 
balance transfer requests, if we accept them, will be 14.49% to 25.49% based on 
your creditworthiness and other factors. This APR will vary with the market base
d on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the marke
t based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When it Applies29.99%This APR will var
y with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied to new transac
tions on your account if:1) you make one or more late payments; or2) your paymen
t is returned by your bankWe may also consider your creditworthiness in determin
ing whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.How Long Will the Pe
nalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for at least 6 mon
ths. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR is applied. The
 Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, w
ith no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.Paying InterestYour 
due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not
 charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your entire balance (or 
if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) by the due date
. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance transfers on the 
transaction date.Plan Fee  (Fixed Finance Charge) 0% introductory plan fee on ea
ch purchase moved into a plan during the first 15 months. After that, your plan 
fee will be up to 1.13% of each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan dur
ation, the APR that would otherwise apply to the purchase and other factors.For 
Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more abou
t factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the websit
e of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/
learnmoreFeesAnnual Membership Fee$0Transaction Fees Balance Transfer$0Cash Adva
nceEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Fore
ign Transaction2.7% of each transaction after conversion to US dollars.Penalty F
ees Late PaymentUp to $38Returned PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneHow We Will Calcu
late Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new 
purchases)."Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply
 the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 da
ys after its Payment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%. 
Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in T
he Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Stree
t Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will us
e the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate incre
ases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and h
ave a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting cha
nges to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Var
iable APRs are accurate as of 03/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Car
d Member Agreement.By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open
 an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified indi
viduals 18 or over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Resid
ents.You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurat
e. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consum
er reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to s
hare information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative 
purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received
 a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it. When
 you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the 
Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement i
ncludes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claim
s related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participat
e in a class action or similar proceeding.  We may change the Card Member Agreem
ent subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal
, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance 
notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a cha
nge. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membershi
p. Additional Cards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but th
ey can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You a
re responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone
 they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You aut
horize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to 
discuss it with them. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial ins
titutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person w
ho opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other infor
mation that will allow us to verify your identity. Balance Transfers: Only balan
ce transfers from accounts in your name requested within 60 days from the date o
f account opening will be approved. We will charge your Card account for the tot
al approved amount of all balance transfers. No transfer will be processed if: (
1) any requested transfer is less than $100; (2) the total amount of all request
ed transfers exceeds the lesser of $7,500 or 75% of your credit limit; or (3) ch
arging the requested transfers to your Card account would cause your total accou
nt balance to exceed your credit limit. We will not initiate any balance transfe
r until at least ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card Me
mber Agreement to you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a 
balance transfer. Please be sure to make all required payments on any account fr
om which you are transferring a balance until the balance transfer is credited t
o that account. You authorize us to verify the balance of such accounts. You may
 not transfer balances from any account issued by American Express or any of its
 affiliates. Additional Card Members may not request or authorize balance transf
ers. Your balance transfer request may be declined if any of your American Expre
ss accounts are not in good standing. Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No 
provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decr
ee under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's int
erest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a c
opy of that agreement or decree or is given complete information about the agree
ment or decree.  New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York
 State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for fr
ee information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New Yo
rk State Department of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govNotice
 to California Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate acc
ount.Cash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PI
N) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PI
N for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your 
PIN.Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitt
ed by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Notic
e to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law w
ill be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more
 than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any tim
e. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that a
ll creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and t
hat credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individ
ual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with t
his law.Amex EveryDay® Credit Card is issued by an American Express bank. © 2018
 American Express. All rights reserved.Membership Rewards® partners will receive
 certain information about you in order to provide the benefits of your Membersh
ip Rewards account.POID CHO1:0001OFFER CODE: R0XA-1RAN9-166E-17OFFER TERMSWelcom
e bonus offer not available to applicants who have or have had this product.15,0
00 Membership Rewards® PointsTo qualify for the 15,000 Membership Rewards® point
s, you must make eligible purchases with your Amex Everyday® Credit Card that to
tal $1,000 or more (the "Threshold Amount") within your first 3 months of Card M
embership starting from the date your account is approved. The points will be cr
edited to your Membership Rewards account 8-12 weeks after the Threshold Amount 
is met. If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, m
isuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome bonus offer in any way or that y
ou intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain 
a welcome bonus offer that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade
 your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return pu
rchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit Membership Rew
ards points to, we may freeze Membership Rewards points credited to, or we may t
ake away Membership Rewards points from your account. We may also cancel this Ca
rd account and other Card accounts you may have with us. Eligible purchases can 
be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Car
d Account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns
 and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, 
balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or r
eloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, o
r purchases of any cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account are
 not eligible for this offer. To receive the 15,000 Membership Rewards® points, 
your Card account must not be cancelled or past due at the time the points are c
redited to your Card account. Limit one offer per Card Account.You can earn 15,0
00 Membership Rewards® points after you spend $1,000 or more in qualifying purch
ases on your Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from th
e date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $1,000 
may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, p
urchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay i
n merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from t
he date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the pur
chase date may be the date the goods are shipped). The points will be credited t
o your Membership Rewards account 8-12 weeks after the purchase threshold is met
.American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.Terms
 and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewar
ds.com/terms for more information. Participating partners and available rewards 
are subject to change without notice. The value of Membership Rewards points var
ies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membership
rewards.com/pointsinfo.BENEFIT TERMSThe following benefits and services are subj
ect to change or cancellation.20% Extra Points BenefitHow the Benefit Works If y
ou make 20 or more separate purchases of goods or services in a billing period w
ith your Amex EveryDay® Credit Card ("Card"), you earn 20% extra Membership Rewa
rds points on those purchases less returns and credits with a date in that billi
ng period. A transaction where you buy multiple items counts as one purchase. Pu
rchases do not include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advance
s, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or pu
rchases of other cash equivalents. This benefit will not apply to any limited ti
me promotions and offers (such as a Welcome Bonus). Impact of Returns and Credit
s Returns and credits do not reduce your purchase count. Returns and credits wil
l reduce the number of Membership Rewards points and extra Membership Rewards po
ints earned. Example: Suppose in a billing period you make 20 purchases totaling
 $500 and you return a $200 item that you purchased in the same or a prior billi
ng period. The return does not reduce your purchase count, but it does reduce th
e Membership Rewards points on those purchases from 500 to 300. So, in this exam
ple you would earn 20% extra on those 300 points. When Purchases Count To count 
purchases for this benefit, we use the date of the purchase. For example, if you
 make a purchase on the last day in your January billing period, it might not po
st to your account until your February billing period. If this happens, the purc
hase still counts towards your January billing period. In rare instances, a purc
hase may not post to your account for several billing periods. For example, extr
eme weather or other business disruptions may delay a merchant in submitting tra
nsactions to us. If a purchase posts to your account more than four billing peri
ods after the purchase date, we count it for the billing period in which it post
s, and not the purchase date. Some merchants combine separate charges into a sin
gle transaction before submitting it to us. When this happens, the combined tran
saction will count as a single purchase for purposes of counting towards 20 sepa
rate purchases. For example, if you charge three items to your Card at the same 
online merchant at three separate times over one or more days, the merchant may 
combine those three charges and submit them as a single transaction. In that cas
e, that combined transaction will count as one purchase. Transaction Dates A dat
e of a purchase, return or credit may sometimes be different from the date you m
ade the transaction. For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may
 be the date the goods are shipped. Also, if you use your Card while traveling (
on a hotel, car rental, or while on a cruise), the purchase date may be the date
 you complete that travel. General Terms You will typically earn the 20% extra M
embership Rewards points 8-12 weeks after the billing period in which you make t
he 20 or more eligible purchases.Account ManagerAccount Managers must be at leas
t 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.Americ
an Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, tickets are available ex
clusively to all American Express® Card Members(including Prepaid and Internatio
nal Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including P
repaid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subjec
t to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sal
es final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time 
at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to
 Card Members with disabilities.Amex EveryDay 2-1For each dollar charged on an e
ligible purchase in each billing period on your Amex EveryDay® Credit Card from 
American Express, you earn one Membership Rewards® point. You earn: 1 additional
 point (for a total of 2 points) on the first $6,000 of eligible purchases in a 
calendar year at supermarkets located in the U.S. (superstores and warehouse clu
bs are not considered supermarkets). Eligible purchases are purchases for goods 
and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include 
fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travele
rs checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash e
quivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply. Merchants are assigned code
s based on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not earn additional points 
if the merchant's code is not eligible. Purchases made through a third-party pay
ment account or on an online marketplace (with multiple retailers) will not earn
 additional points. A purchase may not earn additional points if the merchant su
bmits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile
 or digital wallet.Amex Mobile appThe Amex® Mobile app and app features are avai
lable only for eligible Card accounts in the United States. American Express® pr
epaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.To
 log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and password or crea
te one in the app.Amex Mobile appiOS and Android only. See app store listings fo
r operating system infoDestination FamilyValid for new bookings made through Ame
rican Express Travel and eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies with partic
ipating travel providers: Abercrombie &amp; Kent, Royal Caribbean International,
 Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider. 
Payment must be made with an American Express Card. Program benefits may not be 
available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member must
 travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit package per booking. May not be c
ombined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits ar
e subject to change. Benefits listed are non- transferable, subject to availabil
ity, and cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. Available to all U.S. American E
xpress Corporate, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.Dispute ResolutionNot all dis
putes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.Entertainment Access®Offer valid i
n select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclus
ively to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International
 Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prep
aid and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject t
o availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales 
final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at 
the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Ca
rd Members with disabilities.Extra Membership Rewards® points at amextravel.com2
x PointsMembership Rewards-enrolled Card Members get at least 1 Membership Rewar
ds® point for every eligible dollar spent on their Membership Rewards program-en
rolled American Express® Card. Those same Card Members will also get at least 1 
additional point for each dollar of eligible travel purchases made on amextravel
.com on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express Card. Eligibl
e travel purchases include all travel purchases made with your Membership Reward
s program-enrolled American Express® Card on amextravel.com, including air, prep
aid hotels, vacation packages (flight + hotel packages) or cruise reservations, 
minus returns and other credits. Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members are
 only eligible for 1 additional point on cruise reservations. Eligible travel pu
rchases do NOT include car reservations, non-prepaid hotels, ticketing service o
r other fees, or interest charges. Bonuses you may receive with your Card on oth
er purchase categories or in connection with promotions or offers from American 
Express may not be combined with this offer, such as 5X bonuses for Platinum and
 Business Platinum Card Members. Any portion of a charge that you elect to cover
 through redemption of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to receive poin
ts. If you have an Amex EveryDay Card product, additional points awarded under t
his offer will not be included in the extra points benefit. Additional points wi
ll be credited to the Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after final payment
 is made.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global Assist® Hotline coordination and ass
istance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card
 Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.
 For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms.Instant Card Num
berInstant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly validate
 your identity. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an
 instant account number that you can use virtually anywhere American Express is 
accepted and a physical card will not be required. You may not have access to yo
ur full credit line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after you confirm
 receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 business days of a
ccount approval.Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifying prepaid hot
el rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for th
e same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, b
efore taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submit
ted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Rate Guaranteed
" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and exclud
es (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, includin
g, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, gover
nment/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked th
rough or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, 
rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opa
que websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reser
vation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, 
or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or ente
rtainment, and (4) rates booked through the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESORTS program. D
etailsMembership Rewards® Pay With PointsTo use Pay with Points, you must charge
 your eligible purchase through American Express Travel or through a Pay with Po
ints authorized travel agency to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American
 Express® Card. Eligible purchases through American Express Travel or through a 
Pay with Points authorized Travel agency exclude car reservations and non-prepai
d hotels. Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credi
t for corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card ac
count used. If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purcha
se price will remain on the American Express Card account. Minimum redemption 5,
000 points.See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program te
rms and conditions.If a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time fea
ture balance on your Linked Account (for example, the Extended Payment Option), 
the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay 
Over Time feature balance. Instead the statement credit may be applied to your P
ay in Full balance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by calli
ng the number on the back of your Card.Membership Rewards® Pay With PointsTo use
 Pay with Points, you must charge your eligible purchase through American Expres
s Travel to a Membership Rewards® program-enrolled American Express® Card. Eligi
ble purchases exclude car reservations and non-prepaid hotels. Points will be de
bited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corresponding dollar 
amount will be issued to the American Express Card account used. If points redee
med do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price will remain on the
 American Express Card account. Minimum redemption 5,000 points. See membershipr
ewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and conditions.Members
hip Rewards® ProgramTerms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program app
ly. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partne
rs and available rewards are subject to change without notice. The value of Memb
ership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn m
ore, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.Membership Rewards® Program - Tr
ansfer PointsEnrollment in a participating Frequent Flyer or Frequent Guest prog
ram is required. Airline tickets and guest rooms are subject to availability. Fo
r each conversion of points into the Frequent Flyer program of a U.S. airline, a
 fee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee of $99, will be charged to your Ca
rd account. We charge this fee to offset the federal excise tax we must pay on s
uch conversions. The fee may be more or less than the actual amount of the excis
e tax we pay on any individual conversion. We may offer you the option to redeem
 points to cover this fee.Membership Rewards® Program - Transfer Points (Domesti
c Airlines)Enrollment in a participating Frequent Flyer program is required. Air
line tickets are subject to availability. For each conversion of points into the
 Frequent Flyer program of a U.S. airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a ma
ximum fee of $99, will be charged to your Card account. We charge this fee to of
fset the federal excise tax we must pay on such conversions. The fee may be more
 or less than the actual amount of the excise tax we pay on any individual conve
rsion. We may offer you the option to redeem points to cover this fee.Pay ItPay 
ItSM is only available in the American Express Mobile app for your eligible Acco
unt. With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a bi
lled purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to that 
billed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we apply 
payments.Your account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or A
dditional Card Member of a Credit Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsidia
ry of American Express that is not cancelled. Prepaid Cards and products, Americ
an Express Charge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Smal
l Business Cards and American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by
 other financial institutions are not eligible.Plan ItPlan ItSM allows you to cr
eate up to 10 active payment plans for qualifying purchases of $100 or more, sub
ject to a plan fee. This fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged each
 month that a plan is active.You may use this feature by selecting a qualifying 
purchase and a plan duration. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your Am
erican Express online account or American Express Mobile for your eligible Accou
nt. Qualifying purchases do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents, p
urchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees or any fee owed to us, including An
nual Membership fees.Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety of 
factors such as your creditworthiness or your credit limit. You will not be able
 to create plans if your Account is canceled. You will not be able to create pla
ns if one or more of your American Express accounts is enrolled into a debt mana
gement program, or has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is delinquent. The 
number of active plans and plan durations offered to you will be at our discreti
on and will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, the 
purchase amount, and your Account history.Plan It is available to Credit Card ac
counts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Only the Basic C
ard Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Account can select a qualifyi
ng purchase for Plan It. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Charge Car
ds, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and 
American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial inst
itutions are not eligible.Return ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for 
eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Cov
erage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maxim
um of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purc
hase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items a
re eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be
 returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain pur
chases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, c
omputer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must 
be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Ric
o, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Mars
hall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to s
end the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipp
ing cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions
 and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.
Roadside Assistance HotlineRoadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hot
line that can send a tow operator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situati
on. While Roadside Assistance Hotline is available at no additional charge, the 
Card Member will be charged for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or 
locksmith can provide the following services: towing, winching, jump starts, fla
t tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is
 in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when
 traveling within the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto
 Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and only when Card Member is present with the 
eligible vehicle. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicle
s, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 l
bs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. We may be unable to p
rovide you with coordination and assistance services in case of inclement weathe
r or on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout ser
vice may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additiona
l important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, cal
l 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.Seller of TravelAmerican Expre
ss Travel Related Services Company, Inc.,when acting solely as a sales agent for
 travel suppliers, is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppl
iers. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions and othe
r incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals, and may also provide inc
entives to our travel counselors. For more information please visit www.american
express.com/travelterms California CST#1022318, Washington UBI#600-469-694, Iowa
 TA#669.ShopRunnerShopRunner Benefit Terms and Conditions Enrolling in the Benef
it. To get the free ShopRunner membership benefit compliments of American Expres
s (the "benefit"), you must go to www.shoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify 
your eligibility for the benefit with an eligible Card account number and then c
omplete the sign up for a ShopRunner membership account ("ShopRunner account"). 
For details on how the ShopRunner membership works, please see the ShopRunner Te
rms and Conditions at https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use 
of your ShopRunner membership benefit. You may also be able to enroll in this be
nefit through access provided to ShopRunner at participating online stores or th
rough an email provided by American Express if it has determined that you have a
n eligible Card. An "eligible Card" means an American Express U.S. Consumer or S
mall Business Credit or Charge Card that is not cancelled and that is issued to 
you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Prepaid Cards and products
, American Express Corporate Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account
 numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible. ShopRunner wil
l verify with American Express the eligibility of your Credit or Charge Card acc
ount number for the benefit. Maintaining the Benefit. To maintain this benefit o
n your ShopRunner account, you must maintain an eligible Card. The benefit may b
e cancelled on your ShopRunner account if you do not have an eligible Card. You 
can maintain only one benefit per eligible Card. During your enrollment in the b
enefit, ShopRunner and American Express will verify your benefit eligibility. Tr
eatment of Existing ShopRunner Memberships. If you enroll in the benefit and sig
n up with an existing ShopRunner account, ShopRunner will cancel the term of you
r existing ShopRunner account. If you paid a fee for any unused portion of the c
ancelled term of membership, ShopRunner will provide you with a pro rata refund 
for that portion in accordance with ShopRunner's refund policy. The refund will 
be processed within 2-4 weeks after enrollment and will be issued to the payment
 method you used to pay the fee. If a portion of the cancelled term of membershi
p was promotional or free, the free period will be cancelled by ShopRunner and f
orfeited by you. If you currently have a free or promotional membership on your 
ShopRunner account, you should consider whether to enroll in the benefit at this
 time.General Terms. An eligible Card can be used to verify eligibility for only
 one benefit enrollment. American Express may receive and use your personal data
 from ShopRunner, which may include personally identifiable information and Cred
it Card information, to determine eligibility and further develop features and s
ervices related to the benefit. American Express may send you emails regarding y
our enrollment in this benefit. Any information American Express collects from y
ou or from ShopRunner shall be governed by the American Express Online Privacy S
tatement (https://www.americanexpress.com/privacy). American Express may change,
 modify, cancel, revoke, or terminate this benefit at any time. You can review t
hese Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/ter
ms/amex/.The American Express Auto Purchasing Program DisclosureFor a Configured
 Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that a Certified Dealer g
uarantees that you will save off the MSRP on any in-stock vehicle that is the sa
me make, model, and trim as your Configured Vehicle. The Guaranteed Savings for 
your Configured Vehicle is based on a vehicle without factory or dealer installe
d options and includes generally available manufacturer incentives. For an In-St
ock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that the Certified Dea
ler guarantees that you will save off the MSRP of the vehicle with the specific 
VIN listed and includes savings on factory-installed options. If you change your
 vehicle or the optional features, it will change your savings. For full Terms a
nd Conditions, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.Using Points for ChargesUsing Points 
for Your Charges is only available to Basic Consumer and OPEN Card Members enrol
led in the U.S. Membership Rewards® program. Additional Card Members, Authorized
 Additional Card Members, and Corporate Card Members are not eligible. Account m
anagers and Rewards managers may be eligible to use points by calling the number
 on the back of your Card but are not eligible to use points online. All Linked 
Card Accounts must not be canceled, past due or have a returned payment outstand
ing. A minimum of 1,000 Membership Rewards points in your program Account is req
uired and you may use Membership Rewards points only toward the entire amount of
 an eligible charge. American Express will present the eligible charges you can 
use points towards, and we may change which charges are eligible at any time wit
hout notice. American Express is under no obligation to make charges available f
or redemption using Membership Rewards points. For each transaction, points will
 be debited immediately from your Membership Rewards program Account and a credi
t will be issued to your Linked Card Account for the corresponding dollar amount
 within 48 hours. Credits processed after the Card Account's statement closing d
ate will appear in the following billing period. You are responsible for payment
 of the amount due on your Card Account by the due date even after using this fe
ature. To learn about this feature and redeem points online, visit membershiprew
ards.com/yourcharges.Year-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically avai
lable in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st throu
gh December 31st of the prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor importa
nt information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideCar Renta
l Loss and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten 
by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX092
5, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU 
and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Haga
tna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents
 of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and 
the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, 
and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change 
with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage
 applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental
 Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow indivi
duals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicl
es, e.g. off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Ter
ms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays 
eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product 
provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things a
s injuries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other person
s, or damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see 
americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritte
n by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0
953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU a
nd MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagat
na, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents 
of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and 
the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, 
and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change 
with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended W
arranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranti
es of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the or
iginal manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additio
nal year if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five ye
ars. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain 
purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result o
f natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Ot
her important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charge
d on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per 
occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year.
 You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will rei
mburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanex
press.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX
 Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Poli
cy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, th
e Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam 
under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of Americ
an Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Min
or Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclus
ions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notic
e. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handlin
g costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered
, e.g. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items, and motorized
 vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other importa
nt exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your 
eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $5
0,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the
 purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cos
t. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefit
s not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions
, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insur
ance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, 
AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. Fo
r residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insur
ance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not available 
to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands
, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, 
conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subjec
t to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy
. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.
g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the fu
ll fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or A
dditional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Ex
press Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for
 the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or 
points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be 
covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA,
 to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the 
eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions,
 see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.