Amazon Business Prime American Express CardDecide between 5% Back or 90 Day Terms, purchase by purchase‡Take advantage of 5% Back or 90 days to pay interest free on U.S. purchases at Amazon Business, AWS, Amazon.com and Whole Foods Market with an eligible Prime membership‡$0 annual fee¤











Apply♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesAmazon Business Prime American Express CardDecide between 5% Back or 90 Day Terms, purchase by purchase‡Featured Amazon Business Prime Card BenefitsSave greater or pay laterIntroducing the Amazon Business Prime American Express Card with:5% Back or 90 Days Termson U.S. purchases at Amazon Business, AWS, Amazon.com and Whole Foods Market with an eligible Prime membership‡2% Backat U.S. restaurants, U.S. gas stations, and on wireless telephone services purchased directly from U.S. service providers‡1% Backon other purchases‡Amazon Business Prime Card  Benefits & DetailsAmazon Business Prime Card Benefits & Rewards for your Business








Amazon Business Enhanced Data ViewsGain deeper insights on purchases and simplify expense reconciliation. With enhanced data views, you can see Amazon Business purchases listed item by item in an easily downloadable file from your online statement.‡Amazon Shop with PointsWith rewards that don’t expire, you choose when to redeem. Decide to save on items at checkout on Amazon.com and Amazon Business (U.S.) or apply towards a purchase on your statement.‡No Foreign Transaction Fees¤No matter where you’re traveling, when you use your Amazon Business Card there are no foreign transaction fees from American Express.‡Expense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses








Account ManagerAssign a trusted employee or business partner to be an Account Manager on your Business Card account.‡ They can handle tasks like reviewing statements, making payments, and disputing charges on your Business Cards, so you’re free to focus on other aspects of your business.‡Employee CardsGet more out of your Business Card with Employee Cards. Get rewards and stay on top of how much employees are spending.‡Spend ManagerSMSpend ManagerSM is a feature available to help you manage your Card expenses by allowing you to add receipts and notes to your transactions either via desktop or your mobile device.‡Connect to Quickbooks®Streamline your Business Card expenses when your transactions from your Amazon Business Card are sent to your QuickBooks.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help avoid late payments, spot irregular spending, and monitor Employee Card use.Year-End SummaryAt the end of the year, see a complete summary that categorizes your spend by month and purchase type, and helps you track your business expenses down to the last detail.‡Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.Mobile and Tablet AppsEasily manage your account, pay your bill, check your balance, view your benefits and more from your mobile phone or tablet.Vendor Pay‡You can make the most out of paying your business bills. Improve your cash flow and take advantage of Card benefits when you use your Card to pay bills with Vendor Pay by Bill.com.Take advantage of Vendor Pay by Bill.com by enrolling your Card. With the Basic plan, there is no monthly fee for the first user. Additional fees may apply based on plan type and number of users.Customer Service and 24/7 support, whenever you need us








Relationship Care® ServiceGet round the clock, world-class customer support from our special brand of Relationship Care® service. Simply call the number on the back of your Card to speak to one of our Customer Care Professionals who are specially trained to understand the needs of small business owners and can provide you with business-savvy support. We are committed to serving your unique needs and helping you unlock the power of your Card.Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎Travel more comfortably knowing you can be covered by the Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎ for eligible lost, damaged, or stolen baggage when you purchase the entire fare for a Common Carrier ticket (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) on your eligible Card. Coverage can be provided for up to $1,250 for carry-on baggage and up to $500 for checked baggage. For New York State residents, there is a $10,000 aggregate maximum limit for all Covered Persons per Covered Trip. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Travel Accident Insurance♦︎Worry less about the unthinkable happening to you on your Covered Trip. If an accident causes your Death, membership can provide added financial security to your beneficiaries. Travel Accident Insurance♦︎ can cover travel by plane, train, ship, or bus when you purchase the entire fare on your eligible Card. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Global Assist® Hotline‡Global Assist® Hotline is a travel assistance service that comes with your Card. When you’re more than 100 miles away from home, use Global Assist Hotline for assistance and coordination services when unexpected issues come up during your trip—things like lost passports and missing luggage. You can call the hotline at no additional cost, but any third-party service charges are your responsibility.Roadside Assistance Hotline‡Your car breaks down or blows a tire and you're stranded. Now what? Luckily you're a Card Member. Call the number on the back of your Card for Roadside Assistance Hotline‡. Coordination and assistance with obtaining emergency services like towing, changing a flat, or boosting a battery are a phone call away and you can use your Card to pay. Third-party service costs are your responsibility. There are some vehicle exclusions and other important restrictions.Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, you can be covered if your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen when you use your eligible Card to reserve and pay for the entire eligible vehicle rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the rental car counter. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered. Coverage is not available in Australia, Italy, and New Zealand. This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Even More Benefits for Card Members








Extended Warranty♦︎Why is it that as soon as a manufacturer's warranty runs out, something always seem to happen? Use your Card for eligible purchases and you can have warranty protection for longer. Extended Warranty♦︎ matches the original U.S. manufacturer's warranty for up to two additional years*. Applies to warranties of 5 years or less. Please read important exclusions and restrictions*Coverage limited to the actual amount charged on your Card for the item up to $10,000 per item and $50,000 per calendar year.*For residents of Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands, Your coverage will continue to match the original warranty period for warranties of less than one (1) year or provide one (1) additional year if the warranty is between one (1) and five (5) years.Purchase Protection♦︎Sometimes your favorite new purchase gets stolen or accidentally damaged. But when you use your Card for eligible purchases, your Membership can help protect them for up to 120 days* from the date of purchase. Please read important exclusions and restrictions♦︎.♦︎Up to $1,000 per occurrence, $50,000 per calendar year.*For residents of New York, Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands coverage duration is 90 days.Dispute ResolutionWe will work with you to resolve the issue if there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding. With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone. Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.Don't have an eligible Prime membership?New!Amazon Business American Express CardChoose 3% Back or 60 Day Terms on U.S. purchases at Amazon Business, AWS, Amazon.com and Whole Foods Market‡$0 Annual Fee¤Learn MoreApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & Fees