Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and oth
er cost information before submitting your application.IMPORTANT INFORMATION REG
ARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATIONINTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGE
SAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases17.24% to 26.24%, based on your credi
tworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening. This
 APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers
17.24% to  26.24% APR on balance transfers requested within 60 days of account o
pening based on your creditworthiness and other factors.This APR will vary with 
the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary
 with the market based on the Prime Rate.Penalty APR and When it Applies29.99%Th
is APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied
 to new transactions on your account if:1) you make one or more late payments; o
r2) your payment is returned by your bankWe may also consider your creditworthin
ess in determining whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.How L
ong Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for
 at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR 
is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made tim
ely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.Payin
g InterestYour due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing peri
od. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your enti
re balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) 
by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance tr
ansfers on the transaction date.Plan Fee  (Fixed Finance Charge) Up to 1.17% of 
each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would o
therwise apply to the purchase and other factors.For Credit Card Tips from the C
onsumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmoreFeesAnnual Members
hip Fee$195Transaction Fees Cash AdvanceEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each ca
sh advance, whichever is greater.Foreign TransactionNonePenalty Fees Late Paymen
tUp to $38Returned PaymentUp to $38OverlimitNoneHow We Will Calculate Your Balan
ce: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."Los
s of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty AP
R if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Pa
yment Due Date. The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%. Variable APRs f
or each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street 
Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may n
ot publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rat
e from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable 
APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Mi
nimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variabl
e APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are 
accurate as of 03/22/2018. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreem
ent.By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in 
your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or o
ver may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.You promis
e that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authoriz
e us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting ag
encies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share informatio
n we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as per
mitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer rep
ort and the name and address of the agency that provided it. When you use your A
ccount (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agr
eement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbi
tration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to th
e account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class ac
tion or similar proceeding.  We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to 
applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitiv
e environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we 
will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot 
change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership. Additional C
ards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your
 Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsible 
for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to 
use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to gi
ve Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with
 them. Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to ob
tain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an acc
ount, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that wil
l allow us to verify your identity. Balance Transfers: Only balance transfers fr
om accounts in your name requested within 60 days from the date of account openi
ng will be approved. We will charge your Card account for the total approved amo
unt of all balance transfers. No transfer will be processed if: (1) any requeste
d transfer is less than $100; (2) the total amount of all requested transfers ex
ceeds the lesser of $7,500 or 75% of your credit limit; or (3) charging the requ
ested transfers to your Card account would cause your total account balance to e
xceed your credit limit. We will not initiate any balance transfer until at leas
t ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card Member Agreement 
to you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a balance transfe
r. Please be sure to make all required payments on any account from which you ar
e transferring a balance until the balance transfer is credited to that account.
 You authorize us to verify the balance of such accounts. You may not transfer b
alances from any account issued by American Express or any of its affiliates. Ad
ditional Card Members may not request or authorize balance transfers. Your balan
ce transfer request may be declined if any of your American Express accounts are
 not in good standing. Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of an
y marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wiscon
sin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, p
rior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agr
eement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree.
  New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Departme
nt of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information 
on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Depart
ment of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.govNotice to California 
Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.Cash advan
ce at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to ob
tain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash adva
nces by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.The tradema
rks Delta, SkyMiles, and the Delta logo are exclusive property of Delta Air Line
s, Inc. The trademarks are registered, or registrations are applied for, in coun
tries of the world served by Delta. © 2018. All SkyMiles program rules apply to 
SkyMiles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption and tr
avel benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Offers v
oid where prohibited by law. Offers are subject to change without notice. Other 
restrictions apply.Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess o
f those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month 
to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those per
mitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Y
ou may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding bala
nce, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination
 require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy c
ustomers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories 
on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers co
mpliance with this law.The Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card is issued by an 
American Express bank. ©2018 American Express. All rights reserved.POID CBWS:000
1OFFER TERMSWelcome bonus offer not available to applicants who have or have had
 this product.If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in ab
use, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome bonus offer in any way or 
that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to o
btain a welcome bonus offer(s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or 
downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or 
return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit the w
elcome bonus to, we may freeze the welcome bonus credited to, or we may take awa
y the welcome bonus from your account. We may also cancel this Card account and 
other Card accounts you may have with us.5,000 MQMs and 35,000 Bonus MilesTo qua
lify for the 35,000 bonus miles and 5,000 Medallion® Qualification Miles you mus
t make eligible purchases with your Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card that to
tal $1,000 or more (the "Threshold Amount") within your first 3 months of Card M
embership. Miles and MQMs will be credited to your account 6-8 weeks after you r
each the Threshold Amount. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Memb
er and any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. Eligible purchases 
are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible p
urchases to meet the Threshold Amount do NOT include fees or interest charges, b
alance transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Busines
s Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or rel
oading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or 
purchases of any cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account are n
ot eligible for this offer. To receive the 35,000 bonus miles and 5,000 Medallio
n® Qualification Miles your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the
 time of fulfillment.You can earn 35,000 bonus miles and 5,000 Medallion® Qualif
ication Miles after you spend $1,000 or more in eligible purchases on your Card 
within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your accoun
t is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $1,000 may be shorter tha
n 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall 
outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submit
ting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made t
he transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be 
the date the goods are shipped). Miles and MQMs will be credited to your account
 6-8 weeks after you reach the Threshold Amount. American Express reserves the r
ight to modify or revoke offer at any time.$100 Statement CreditOne statement cr
edit for $100 will be issued to your Card account after a Delta purchase is char
ged to your Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card within your first 3 months of C
ard Membership. Delta Purchases to meet the first Delta purchase requirement inc
lude those made by both the Basic and Additional Card Members on the Card Accoun
t. Purchase must be made directly through Delta. A purchase may not qualify for 
the statement credit if it is submitted under a merchant code that has not been 
categorized as a Delta merchant code as of the date of the purchase(s). Credit w
ill be issued as a Card Member statement credit approximately 8-12 weeks after y
our first Delta purchase. Additional Card Members on your account are not eligib
le for this offer. To receive the $100 statement credit, your Card account must 
not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment. Purchases to meet the fi
rst Delta purchase requirement do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance 
transfers (balance transfers are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credi
t Cards), cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading o
f prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments or purchases
 of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply.You can earn
 a $100 statement credit after you make a Delta purchase on your Card within you
r first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is appro
ved. In rare instances, your period to make your first Delta purchase may be sho
rter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases m
ay fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchant
s submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date yo
u made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date
 may be the date the goods are shipped). Credit will be issued as a Card Member 
statement credit approximately 8-12 weeks after your first Delta purchase.Americ
an Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.BENEFIT TERM
SThe following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.Accou
nt ManagerAccount Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing
 Address and Social Security Number.Additional CardsAdditional Card Members must
 be at least 13 years of age and never have had a defaulted account with America
n Express.American Express Preferred SeatingEligible Cards Preferred Seating is 
available to American Express® Gold Card, Platinum Card®, Centurion® Card, Plati
num Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card, Delta Reserve Credit Card from American Express
, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve for Business Cred
it Card from American Express, American Express® Corporate Gold Card, Corporate 
Platinum Card®, Corporate Centurion Card® from American Express, and the Executi
ve Business Card, Business Gold Card, Business Platinum Card® and Business Centu
rion® Card from American Express OPEN, if issued by American Express Travel Rela
ted Services Company, Inc., an American Express bank. Tickets available through 
the American Express Preferred Seating program are available exclusively for qua
lifying Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets must be purchased with an el
igible American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Tickets are subjec
t to availability and apply to select events. Availability will vary by performa
nce based on prior sales. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. 
All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at an
y time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be access
ible to Card Members with disabilities. Redemption Information To redeem an Amer
ican Express Preferred Seating offer, Domestic Card Members, please proceed to p
urchase your ticket through any primary ticketing channel including online, mobi
le, phone or at an outlet or box office authorized for the event and provide the
 10-digit Customer Service phone number located on the back of your Card when pr
ompted. International Card Members, please enter your promotional code. If you a
re a Domestic Card Member, for more information on Preferred Seating, please cal
l 1-800-448-TIKS or visit americanexpress.com/entertainment. If you are an Inter
national Card Member, please call the customer service number located on the bac
k of your Card. International inquiries will not be serviced on the U.S. 800 num
ber listed above.American Express Presale(s)During the specified sales period, t
ickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members(including
 Prepaid and International Cards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Ex
press Card (including Prepaid and International Cards). Standard service charges
 apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blacko
ut dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed 
or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events m
ay not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.Amex Mobile appThe Amex® 
Mobile app and app features are available only for eligible Card accounts in the
 United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American
 Express issuers are not eligible.To log in, Card Members must have an American 
Express user ID and password or create one in the app.Amex Mobile appiOS and And
roid only. See app store listings for operating system infoAward TravelTaxes and
 fees for Award Travel are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid 
at the time the ticket is booked. Award Travel seats are limited and may not be 
available on all flights or in all markets.Delta No Blackout DatesAlthough black
out dates have been eliminated on Delta flights, blackout dates may apply on par
tner flights and are defined by individual partner carriers.Delta Platinum Compa
nion Certificate at RenewalTaxes/fees/restrictions: Companion Certificate is val
id for one round-trip Main Cabin Companion ticket with the payment of applicable
 taxes and fees detailed below and the purchase of certain adult round-trip fare
s on published routings within the 48 contiguous United States. Residents of Haw
aii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the United States Virgin Islands (USVI) must origina
te from there to the 48 contiguous United States and have an address on their Sk
yMiles account in Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the USVI. Each year, the Compan
ion Certificate will be made available for redemption on delta.com in your renew
al month. Applicable government imposed taxes and fees vary and depend upon the 
number of flight segments included in the itinerary and are no more than $75 for
 roundtrip domestic flights (for itineraries with up to four flight segments). B
asic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold Delta SkyMiles Cre
dit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Delta Reserve Credit Card, Gold D
elta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card
, and Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card are eligible to receive the first c
hecked bag fee waiver on Delta and Delta Connection carrier tickets. $35 fee for
 second checked bag. These allowances are subject to size/weight limits. Contact
 a Delta agent or visit delta.com for details. Taxes and fees are subject to cha
nge, are the responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time the pr
imary ticket is purchased and the Companion ticket is issued. All fare rules, re
strictions, advance purchase requirements, and availability are per rule of prim
ary ticket fare purchased. Seats are only available in L,U,T,X,V classes of serv
ice and may not be available on all flights or markets. Companion Certificates a
re eligible for Medallion Complimentary Upgrades, which are subject to availabil
ity and may not be eligible on all flights. Medallion Members traveling with one
 companion will be eligible for Complimentary Upgrades to both First Class and D
elta Comfort+® based on the status of the higher-tiered Member, as long as the c
ompanion is a SkyMiles Member, Medallion Member or partner airline elite member,
 traveling in the same reservation. Companion tickets are not transferable once 
issued. Companion certificate cannot be combined with another offer or discount 
including, but not limited to, web fares, sale fares and eCoupons. Primary ticke
t and Companion ticket must be purchased with your Delta SkyMiles Credit Card. B
oth passengers must be booked on the same flights and dates, at the same time. T
ravel for Companion certificate must be booked and completed by the date on the 
front of certificate. Validity is not based on the calendar year. Redemption is 
available only on delta.com. Certificate terms and conditions may vary each year
 of Card Membership. Additional restrictions apply. See Companion Certificate fo
r details.Delta Platinum Companion Certificate for Online RedemptionEligibility:
 Eligible on Delta, Delta Connection carrier and Delta Shuttle flights only (exc
ludes all other Delta-designated codeshare flights). Companion certificate is va
lid for one round-trip Main Cabin companion ticket with the purchase of certain 
adult round-trip fares on published routings within the 48 contiguous United Sta
tes. Residents of Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the United States Virgin Island
s (USVI) must originate from there to the 48 contiguous United States and have a
n address on their SkyMiles account in Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or the USVI. 
Each year, the Companion Certificate will be made available for redemption on de
lta.com in your renewal month. Companion ticket requires payment of applicable g
overnment imposed taxes and fees of no more than $75 for roundtrip domestic flig
hts (for itineraries with up to four flight segments). Reservations are only ava
ilable at delta.com. Companion certificate terms and conditions may vary each ye
ar of Card Membership. Additional restrictions apply. Restrictions: Redemption i
s available only on delta.com. The certificate cannot be combined with another o
ffer or discount including, but not limited to, web fares, sale fares and eCoupo
ns. Both passengers must be booked at the same time, in the same class of servic
e and in the same record. Seats are only available in L, U, T, X, V classes of s
ervice and may not be available on all flights or markets. Companion Certificate
s are eligible for Medallion Complimentary Upgrades, which are subject to availa
bility and may not be eligible on all flights. Medallion Members traveling with 
one companion will be eligible for Complimentary Upgrades to both First Class an
d Delta Comfort+® based on the status of the higher-tiered Member, as long as th
e companion is a SkyMiles Member, Medallion Member or partner airline elite memb
er, traveling in the same reservation. Most fares require an advance purchase of
 up to 14 days, a 3 night minimum stay and a 30-day maximum stay. All fare rules
, restrictions, advance purchase requirements, and availability are per rule of 
Primary Ticket fare purchased. Companion tickets are not transferable. Primary T
icket and Companion ticket must be purchased with your Delta SkyMiles Credit Car
d from American Express. Both passengers must be booked on the same flights and 
dates, at the same time. Travel for Companion certificate must be booked and com
pleted by the date on the front of certificate. Validity is not based on calenda
r year. Primary ticket will accrue miles. Companion ticket will not accrue miles
. Tickets are eligible for Global or Regional Upgrade Certificates but not eligi
ble for mileage upgrades. Companion Certificate is void if reproduced, altered, 
counterfeited, obtained or used improperly, or where prohibited by law. Companio
n Certificate has no value except when redeemed in accordance with all terms and
 conditions of this offer. Companion Certificate is for new purchases only and c
annot be applied to the cost of prepaid tickets, ticket by mail, miscellaneous c
harge orders, Airscript or previously issued tickets. Companion Certificate will
 be deemed fully used once tickets have been issued and will not be returned or 
replaced. Companion Certificate is the property of Delta Air Lines and must be s
urrendered or returned upon request. Fares, fees, schedules, offers and rules ar
e subject to change without notice. Terms and conditions of this offer are as wr
itten and cannot be altered, modified or waived unless authorized by a corporate
 officer of Delta Air Lines, Inc. All Delta SkyMiles program rules apply. To rev
iew the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Routing/Blackout Dates: Stopo
vers, open jaws, and circle trips are not permitted. Blackout dates subject to t
he rules of the primary ticket fare purchased. Taxes/Fees: The fare for Companio
n tickets requires payment of government imposed taxes and fees of no more than 
$75 for roundtrip domestic flights (for itineraries with up to four flight segme
nts). Taxes and fees depend on the itinerary. Basic Card Members (not Additional
 Card Members) with the Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles
 Credit Card, Delta Reserve Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Car
d, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, and Delta Reserve for Business 
Credit Card are eligible to receive the first checked bag fee waiver on Delta an
d Delta Connection carrier flights. $35 fee for second checked bag. These allowa
nces are subject to size/weight limits. Contact a Delta agent or visit delta.com
 for details. Taxes and fees are subject to change, are the responsibility of th
e passenger and must be paid at the time the primary ticket is purchased and the
 companion ticket is issued. Cancellations/Ticket Changes/Reissuance: If the pri
mary ticket or the Companion ticket is cancelled, both tickets will be cancelled
 and the Companion ticket will not be reissued. Subject to the fare rules of the
 primary ticket, the value of the primary ticket, less a $200 administrative ser
vice charge and any fare difference, may be applied to future travel. Cancellati
ons are subject to the rules of the fare purchased. Neither a new Companion Cert
ificate nor Companion ticket will be issued upon a cancellation. If the primary 
ticket and Companion ticket are changed after issuance, subject to the fare rule
s of the primary ticket, there will be a $200 administrative service charge for 
each of the primary ticket and the Companion ticket, plus a charge for the fare 
difference of the primary ticket. Changes are subject to the rules of the fare p
urchased and are subject to seat availability. After travel has commenced, rerou
ting is not permitted. Transferability: The Companion Certificate is transferabl
e, Primary ticket and Companion ticket are not transferable once issued. Compani
on Certificate may not be bartered or sold. Companion Certificates or Companion 
tickets acquired through prohibited sale/barter transactions are void and will n
ot be honored for travel. In the event of flight irregularities and/or cancellat
ions, alternative flights will be on Delta only.Delta Sky Club Access, Reduced F
eeDelta Sky Club® Discounted Rate benefit ($29 per person) is limited to Gold an
d Platinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card Members and up to two guests and may be us
ed only in conjunction with same-day ticketed air travel on any airline. Benefit
 permits access to one Club location and is not transferable to another Club. Pa
yment must be made in person with a Gold and Platinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card
. Children under 2 years of age may accompany the Card Member for free. Card Mem
ber must be at least 21 years of age to access Clubs with a self-service bar, un
less accompanied by a parent or legal guardian who is also accessing the Club us
ing the Discounted Rate benefit or as a Club member. Please drink responsibly. P
artner lounges are not included. Note that amenities may vary among airport club
 locations. Meeting rooms may be reserved for a fee. All Delta Sky Club rules ap
ply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/skyclub. Offer and rules subjec
t to change without notice. Additional restrictions may apply.Delta Skymiles - M
iles BoostThe close of the calendar year is December 31, without regard to the t
ime of the year that the account is opened. This means that for the first year o
f Card Membership, the Card Member's Eligible Purchases bonus period may be less
 than twelve months. If in any calendar year Eligible Purchases on the Platinum 
Delta SkyMiles Credit Card is $25,000 or more, the Basic Card Member will be awa
rded 10,000 bonus miles and 10,000 Medallion Qualification Miles ("MQMs" as defi
ned in the Delta SkyMiles Membership Guide and Program Rules), and if in that sa
me calendar year Eligible Purchases on the Platinum Delta SkyMiles Credit Card i
s $50,000 or more, the Basic Card Member will be awarded an additional 10,000 bo
nus miles and 10,000 MQMs. Eligible Purchases means purchases for goods and serv
ices minus returns and other credits. Eligible Purchases do NOT include fees, in
terest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of travelers' checks
, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, purchases or reloading of 
prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional Card Member(s)
 are not eligible to receive miles through Miles Boost; however all Eligible Pur
chases by the Additional Card Member(s) will count towards the Basic Card Member
's spend level to reach the Miles Boost threshold. Card Members may be permitted
 to have more than one Blue, Gold, or Platinum or Delta Reserve SkyMiles Credit 
Card from American Express account; however, Card Members are only eligible to r
eceive one annual bonus for each type (i.e. Platinum or Reserve) of Delta SkyMil
es Credit Card account from American Express. To receive the MQMs, your account 
must be not canceled or past due at the time the MQMs are posted to your account
.Delta SkyMiles MarketPlaceSkyMiles Marketplace is for use only by SkyMiles Meda
llion® members or customers that have a U.S. issued Delta SkyMiles Credit Card f
rom American Express. All redemption offers and awards are subject to change and
 to the terms and conditions of each individual merchant. Offers, rules and part
icipating merchants are subject to change without notice. All SkyMiles Marketpla
ce rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide.Destinat
ion FamilyValid for new bookings made through American Express Travel and eligib
le Travel Associate Platform agencies with participating travel providers: Aberc
rombie &amp; Kent, Royal Caribbean International, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and
 Travel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider. Payment must be made with an Am
erican Express Card. Program benefits may not be available to residents outside 
of the contiguous United States. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Li
mit one benefit package per booking. May not be combined with other offers unles
s indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits are subject to change. Benefits l
isted are non- transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for
 cash or credit. Available to all U.S. American Express Corporate, Consumer, OPE
N and Prepaid Cards.Dispute ResolutionNot all disputes are resolved in the Card 
Member's favor.Earn 1 MileBonus miles will be posted to your Delta SkyMiles acco
unt 8 to 12 weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to earn bonus mile
s, Card Member's account must not be canceled or past due at time of bonus fulfi
llment. Fees, interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not ava
ilable on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, purchases of tr
aveler's checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments, the purchas
e or reloading of prepaid cards and purchases of other cash equivalents do not e
arn miles.Earn 2 Miles on Delta PurchasesFor each dollar charged on an eligible 
purchase in each billing period on your Card from American Express, you earn 1 m
ile. You earn 1 additional mile (for a total of 2 miles) on each dollar of eligi
ble purchases made directly with Delta ("Delta purchases"). Delta purchases are 
eligible purchases where Delta is the merchant of record, such as purchases via 
delta.com, phone reservations, or ticket counters, such as upgrades, miles, seat
 selection, Delta Sky Club® membership or passes, and pre-purchased meals, and i
n-flight purchases of food, alcoholic beverages and audio headsets on Delta-oper
ated flights (eligible purchases do not include any other in-flight purchases, s
uch as in-flight wireless internet access, and associated services, and charitab
le contributions). Delta purchases include Delta Vacation® packages but not othe
r all-inclusive packages. Delta purchases include purchases of qualifying Delta,
 Delta Connection® carrier and Delta Shuttle® flights taken with the purchase of
 a fare that is eligible for SkyMiles mileage credit. Additional miles earned fo
r Delta flight purchases made with the Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from American 
Express will be based on the total ticket price, including base fare, carrier-im
posed surcharges and government-imposed taxes and fees. Eligible purchases mean 
purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purch
ases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfe
rs are not available on Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Cards), cash advances, p
urchases of travelers checks, purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments
, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalent
s. Bonus miles will be posted to your Delta SkyMiles account 8 to 12 weeks after
 the end of each month. To be eligible to receive miles, your Card account must 
not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment. This offer is subject to
 change without notice.Earn Medallion StatusMedallion Qualification Miles receiv
ed in 2018 above member's received Medallion threshold level will be rolled over
 to 2019 and will count toward 2020 Medallion status qualification. In addition,
 all Medallion Qualification Miles earned between January 1 and December 31, 201
8, will count towards 2019 Medallion status.Entertainment Access®Offer valid in 
select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusiv
ely to all American Express® Card Members (including Prepaid and International C
ards). Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card (including Prepai
d and International Cards). Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to 
availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales fi
nal. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at th
e sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card
 Members with disabilities.First Checked Bag FreeBenefit is limited to Basic Car
d Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold, Platinum or Reserve Delta
 SkyMiles Credit Cards. Reservation must include the Basic Card Member's SkyMile
s number. Fee waiver also available for passengers traveling in the same reserva
tion as the Basic Card Member. Maximum nine waivers per reservation. New Card Me
mbers and Card Members upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Credit Card product
 will be eligible for the checked baggage fee waiver benefit after receiving the
ir Card from American Express. The first checked bag fee waiver will only be app
lied on flight segments which originate on a Delta or Delta Connection® carrier 
when you check-in with Delta for both a Delta marketed and Delta operated flight
. Waiver is only for normal bag fee, if any, for the first checked bag that is n
ot overweight and not oversize under Delta's applicable rules as set forth in De
lta's contract of carriage. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may ap
ply. See delta.com/firstbagfree for details.Global Assist® HotlineWhile Global A
ssist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional
 charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charge
d by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americane
xpress.com/GAterms.In-Flight SavingsCard Members will receive a 20% savings in t
he form of a statement credit on eligible pre-purchased meals, and in-flight pur
chases of food, alcoholic beverages and audio headsets, on Delta-operated flight
s. Savings do not apply to any other in-flight purchases, such as in-flight wire
less internet access, and associated services, and charitable contributions. To 
receive the savings, Card Members must use their Delta SkyMiles Credit Card from
 American Express to complete the in-flight purchase. Savings will appear as a s
tatement credit 6-8 weeks after the transaction is posted to the Card Member's C
ard account. Offer is subject to change without notice. Additional terms, condit
ions, and restrictions may apply. See http://delta.com/mycardcan for details.Ins
tant Card NumberInstant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to insta
ntly validate your identity. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you wi
ll receive an instant account number that you can use virtually anywhere America
n Express is accepted and a physical card will not be required. You may not have
 access to your full credit line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until afte
r you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 busin
ess days of account approval.Lowest Hotel Rates GuaranteeIf you book a qualifyin
g prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same 
hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower pr
ice online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim m
ust be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Ra
te Guaranteed" policy applies only to online rates available to the general publ
ic and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general pub
lic, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/conventio
n, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel ro
oms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon
 promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms 
booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel unt
il your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusi
ve packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, m
eals, or entertainment, and (4) rates booked through the FINE HOTELS &amp; RESOR
TS program. DetailsMedallion Qualification Dollar WaiverIf the Medallion Qualifi
cation Dollar (MQD) threshold is not met for a Qualification Year, you can still
 qualify for Platinum, Gold and Silver Medallion Status if you have earned the r
equired Medallion Qualification Miles (MQMs) or Medallion Qualification Segments
 (MQSs) and make at least $25,000 in Eligible Purchases within that Qualificatio
n Year on your Eligible Card. If the MQD threshold is not met for a Qualificatio
n Year, you can qualify for Diamond Medallion Status if you have earned the requ
ired MQMs or MQSs and spend at least $250,000 in eligible purchases within that 
Qualification Year on your Eligible Card. A Qualification Year is from January 1
 to December 31 of a given year. The close of the Qualification Year is December
 31, without regard to the time of the year that the credit card account is open
ed. This means that for the first year of Card Membership, the Card Member's Eli
gible Purchase period may be less than twelve months. Eligible Purchases means p
urchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible Purcha
ses do NOT include fees, interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, pur
chases of travelers' checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchas
es of other cash equivalents. Eligible purchases may fall outside of the Qualifi
cation Year in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions 
to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (F
or example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods
 are shipped). This may result in a delay in receiving the MQD waiver. You can c
onfirm whether you have met the Eligible Purchase threshold for the MQD Waiver b
y logging into your SkyMiles account on delta.com or in the Fly Delta app. Eligi
ble Purchases made by Additional Card Members on the Basic Card Member's Eligibl
e Card will count toward the Eligible Purchase threshold. For purposes of calcul
ating the Eligible Purchase threshold, Eligible Purchases will be combined acros
s multiple Eligible Cards of the Basic Card Member if those Card accounts are li
nked to the same SkyMiles number. Eligible Cards are the following: Delta SkyMil
es Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles, Delta 
Reserve Credit Card, Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Gold Delta SkyMiles Bu
siness Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve 
for Business Credit Card from American Express. The Blue Delta SkyMiles® Credit 
Card is not eligible for the MQD Waiver. However, if you have another Delta SkyM
iles Credit Card with the MQD Waiver benefit in addition to your Delta Blue SkyM
iles Credit Card, Eligible Purchases made on the Blue Delta SkyMiles Credit Card
 will continue to count towards the MQD Waiver. This benefit extends to Basic Ca
rd Members only (Additional Card Members are not eligible). Offer terms and cond
itions subject to change.Medallion Status UpgradesSeat upgrades are subject to l
imited availability and may not be available on all flights or in all markets.No
 Foreign Transaction FeesAmerican Express will not charge any foreign transactio
n fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. How
ever, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign
 transactions.Pay ItPay ItSM is only available in the American Express Mobile ap
p for your eligible Account. With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equ
al to the amount of a billed purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It 
are not applied to that billed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accor
dance with how we apply payments.Your account is eligible for Pay It if you are 
a Basic Card Member or Additional Card Member of a Credit Card account issued by
 a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express that is not cancelled. Prepaid Ca
rds and products, American Express Charge Cards, American Express Corporate Card
s, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded cards or a
ccount numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.Pay with 
MilesProgram is limited to Basic (not Additional) Gold and Platinum Delta SkyMil
es and Delta Reserve Credit Card Members, as well as to Gold and Platinum Delta 
SkyMiles Business Credit Card Members and Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card
 Members. New Card Members are eligible to use Pay with Miles upon receipt of th
eir Card. Eligible only on Delta and Delta Connection® carrier-operated and tick
eted flights booked at delta.com. Not available on other codeshare flights. Elig
ible flights for this program will be marked as Pay with Miles eligible. Miles r
edemptions must be in 5,000 mile increments, with a minimum of 5,000 miles for r
edemption, and the number of miles redeemed will be rounded up to the nearest 5,
000 mile increment, as applicable.  Use your Delta SkyMiles Credit Card to pay f
or the remaining ticket price when using Pay with Miles.  Five thousand miles ge
nerally provides $50 of value.  However, you may receive less value per mile if 
the cost of a ticket you choose to cover entirely with miles is not a multiple o
f $50. All Pay with Miles tickets will earn mileage, and will earn Medallion Qua
lification Dollars, for the portion of the base fare and carrier-imposed surchar
ges remaining that is paid in currency after miles are applied to the ticket tot
al.   Mileage redemption will be applied toward the base fare and carrier-impose
d surcharges prior to being applied toward taxes and fees. In addition, all Pay 
with Miles tickets are eligible for Medallion Qualification Segments, and Medall
ion Qualification Miles. Pay with Miles tickets are not eligible for Best Fare G
uarantee and may not be combined with any other forms of mileage redemption, suc
h as Award Travel tickets. Medallion Complimentary Upgrades on Pay with Miles ti
ckets are subject to availability and may not be eligible on all flights. Except
 for tickets refunded under Delta's Risk Free Cancellation policy, miles redeeme
d with Pay with Miles cannot be re-deposited in the member's SkyMiles Account — 
even for fully refundable fares.  Residual value for a changed or cancelled tick
et will be issued as an e-certificate applicable to future Delta purchases. For 
terms, conditions, and restrictions, visit delta.com/paywithmiles.Plan ItPlan It
SM allows you to create up to 10 active payment plans for qualifying purchases o
f $100 or more, subject to a plan fee. This fee is a fixed finance charge that w
ill be charged each month that a plan is active.You may use this feature by sele
cting a qualifying purchase and a plan duration. Qualifying purchases will be id
entified in your American Express online account or American Express Mobile for 
your eligible Account. Qualifying purchases do not include purchases of cash or 
cash equivalents, purchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees or any fee owed 
to us, including Annual Membership fees.Your ability to create plans will be bas
ed on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness or your credit limit. Y
ou will not be able to create plans if your Account is canceled. You will not be
 able to create plans if one or more of your American Express accounts is enroll
ed into a debt management program, or has a payment that is returned unpaid, or 
is delinquent. The number of active plans and plan durations offered to you will
 be at our discretion and will be based on a variety of factors such as your cre
ditworthiness, the purchase amount, and your Account history.Plan It is availabl
e to Credit Card accounts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Expres
s. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on the Account ca
n select a qualifying purchase for Plan It. Prepaid Cards and products, American
 Express Charge Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small 
Business Cards and American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by o
ther financial institutions are not eligible.Priority BoardingCard Members are e
ntitled to receive Zone 1 Priority Boarding on Delta flights. Benefit is limited
 to Basic Card Members (not Additional Card Members) with the Gold, Platinum or 
Reserve Delta SkyMiles Credit Cards. Reservation must include the Basic Card Mem
ber's SkyMiles number. Priority Boarding is also available for passengers travel
ing in the same reservation as the Basic Card Member. Maximum nine passengers pe
r reservation receive the Priority Boarding. Priority Boarding will only be avai
lable on Delta and Delta Connection carrier operated flights. Delta does not off
er Priority Boarding on Delta Shuttle® flights. New Card Members and Card Member
s upgrading from another Delta SkyMiles Credit Card product from American Expres
s will be eligible for the Priority Boarding benefit after receiving their Card 
from American Express. Offer is subject to change without notice. Additional ter
ms, conditions and restrictions may apply. See delta.com/mycardcan for details.R
eturn ProtectionReturn Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charge
d entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days
 from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Membe
r account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling
 costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in 
the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant f
rom which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for
 refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewel
ry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United St
ates of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands,
 American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam a
nd Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to u
s, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection
 is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full T
erms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.Roadside Assistance Hotline
Roadside Assistance Hotline is a 24-hour dispatch hotline that can send a tow op
erator or locksmith to assist in an emergency situation. While Roadside Assistan
ce Hotline is available at no additional charge, the Card Member will be charged
 for any services or goods provided. Tow operator or locksmith can provide the f
ollowing services: towing, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Mem
ber has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of
 up to 2 gallons of fuel. Services are available when traveling within the 50 Un
ited States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin I
slands and only when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle. This prod
uct does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, u
nlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Ot
her important exclusions apply. We may be unable to provide you with coordinatio
n and assistance services in case of inclement weather or on roadways which rest
rict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for
 vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditio
ns and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see ameri
canexpress.com/RAterms.ShopRunnerShopRunner Benefit Terms and Conditions Enrolli
ng in the Benefit. To get the free ShopRunner membership benefit compliments of 
American Express (the "benefit"), you must go to www.shoprunner.com/americanexpr
ess and verify your eligibility for the benefit with an eligible Card account nu
mber and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner membership account ("ShopRun
ner account"). For details on how the ShopRunner membership works, please see th
e ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/ which 
govern the use of your ShopRunner membership benefit. You may also be able to en
roll in this benefit through access provided to ShopRunner at participating onli
ne stores or through an email provided by American Express if it has determined 
that you have an eligible Card. An "eligible Card" means an American Express U.S
. Consumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card that is not cancelled and tha
t is issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Prepaid Car
ds and products, American Express Corporate Cards and American Express-branded C
ards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible.
 ShopRunner will verify with American Express the eligibility of your Credit or 
Charge Card account number for the benefit. Maintaining the Benefit. To maintain
 this benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must maintain an eligible Card. Th
e benefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner account if you do not have an elig
ible Card. You can maintain only one benefit per eligible Card. During your enro
llment in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Express will verify your benefit 
eligibility. Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Memberships. If you enroll in the 
benefit and sign up with an existing ShopRunner account, ShopRunner will cancel 
the term of your existing ShopRunner account. If you paid a fee for any unused p
ortion of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRunner will provide you with a p
ro rata refund for that portion in accordance with ShopRunner's refund policy. T
he refund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after enrollment and will be issued
 to the payment method you used to pay the fee. If a portion of the cancelled te
rm of membership was promotional or free, the free period will be cancelled by S
hopRunner and forfeited by you. If you currently have a free or promotional memb
ership on your ShopRunner account, you should consider whether to enroll in the 
benefit at this time.General Terms. An eligible Card can be used to verify eligi
bility for only one benefit enrollment. American Express may receive and use you
r personal data from ShopRunner, which may include personally identifiable infor
mation and Credit Card information, to determine eligibility and further develop
 features and services related to the benefit. American Express may send you ema
ils regarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any information American Express 
collects from you or from ShopRunner shall be governed by the American Express O
nline Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpress.com/privacy). American Expr
ess may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminate this benefit at any time. Y
ou can review these Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting https://www.sho
prunner.com/terms/amex/.SkyMiles GeneralAll SkyMiles program rules apply to SkyM
iles program membership, miles, offers, mile accrual, mile redemption, and trave
l benefits. To review the rules, please visit delta.com/memberguide. Partner air
line benefits are subject to change and subject to the terms and conditions of e
ach partner. Partner offers are subject to the terms and conditions of each indi
vidual offer. Offers are void where prohibited by law. Offers are subject to cha
nge without notice. Other restrictions apply.SkyMiles Online AuctionAll SkyMiles
 Online Auction rules apply, visit delta.com/skymilesauction for more details. A
ll Delta SkyMiles program rules apply. To review the rules, please visit delta.c
om/memberguide. Offers, prices and rules are subject to change without notice. O
ffers void where prohibited by law. Additional restrictions may apply.Spending L
imitsWhen you request that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurr
ed by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These
 terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Car
d Member Agreement.At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total d
ollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card 
numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Ac
count. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount
 of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made 
using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members
 on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the A
dditional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions
 up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account
 any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credi
t relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we 
change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charg
es (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date d
uring a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit 
for that billing period.Because of systems or administrative considerations, arr
angements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not req
uired to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Ch
arges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges wit
hout regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not
 liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges an
d/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typicall
y require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final tr
ansaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or
 may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason
; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final cha
rge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or p
rocessed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may inclu
de, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free store
s, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchas
es; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; 
certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases a
t gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incurred with call
ing cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in con
nection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and othe
r gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Ch
arge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. An
y limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers che
ques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.The Spending Limit
 for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on t
he Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic 
Card Member's account terms and conditions.The American Express Auto Purchasing 
Program DisclosureFor a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents th
e amount that a Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP on a
ny in-stock vehicle that is the same make, model, and trim as your Configured Ve
hicle. The Guaranteed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is based on a vehicle 
without factory or dealer installed options and includes generally available man
ufacturer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents
 the amount that the Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP
 of the vehicle with the specific VIN listed and includes savings on factory-ins
talled options. If you change your vehicle or the optional features, it will cha
nge your savings. For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.Yea
r-End SummaryThe Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflec
ts charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the 
prior year.AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURESFor important information on policy
 terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguideBaggage Insurance PlanBaggage Ins
urance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Ph
oenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP
-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacif
ic Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is 
not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Ma
rshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined 
by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card
 and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or repl
ace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Co
mmon Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire F
are means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use
 your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination 
with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Po
ints program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent
 flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, 
you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it
 pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For che
cked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier
. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.Car Rental Los
s and Damage InsuranceCar Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AM
EX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Po
licy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and M
P, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, 
Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of A
merican Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the U
S Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and e
xclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with 
notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage appl
ies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Comp
any. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals
 to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e
.g. off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms an
d Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligi
ble benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provi
des collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as inj
uries to you, any passenger in your insured vehicle, injury to other persons, or
 damages to other vehicles or property. For full Terms and Conditions, see ameri
canexpress.com/CRLDIterms.Extended WarrantyExtended Warranty is underwritten by 
AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, 
Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP
, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, G
uam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of Am
erican Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the U
S Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and e
xclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with 
notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warran
ty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of
 five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the origina
l manufacturer's warranty is less than one year, and we provide one additional y
ear if the original manufacturer's warranty is between one year and five years. 
Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purch
ases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of nat
ural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other i
mportant exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on 
your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occur
rence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You 
may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburs
e you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress
.com/EWterms.Purchase ProtectionPurchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assu
rance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX
0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Pla
n is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under
 Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Sa
moa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Ou
tlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions 
of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. Th
is document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling cos
ts for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g
. items lost by Card Member, consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehi
cles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important ex
clusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligi
ble Card; coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000
 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purc
hased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Th
is product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not
 paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see
 americanexpress.com/PPterms.Travel Accident InsuranceTravel Accident Insurance 
is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ un
der Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For res
idents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance 
Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not available to re
sidents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Pal
au and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, condi
tions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to 
change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To 
be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. pl
ane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fa
re cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additi
onal Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express
 Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the 
entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or point
s from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be cover
ed. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to b
e eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligi
ble card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see 
americanexpress.com/TAIterms.