Please scroll down to read important information about your rates, fees, and other cost information before submitting your application.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATION
INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
17.99% to 26.99%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Balance Transfers
17.99% to 26.99% APR on balance transfers requested within 60 days of account opening based on your creditworthiness and other factors.

This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
APR for Cash Advances
27.49%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Penalty APR and When it Applies
29.99%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

This APR may be applied to new transactions on your account if:
1) you make one or more late payments; or
2) your payment is returned by your bank

We may also consider your creditworthiness in determining whether or not to apply the penalty APR to your Account.

How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If the Penalty APR is applied, it will apply for at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed.
Paying Interest
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay each month your entire balance (or if you have a plan outstanding, your balance adjusted for plans) by the due date. We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance transfers on the transaction date.
Plan Fee
(Fixed Finance Charge)
Up to 1.20% of each purchase moved into a plan based on the plan duration, the APR that would otherwise apply to the purchase and other factors.
For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore
Fees
Annual Membership Fee
$450
Transaction Fees
  Balance Transfer
Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
Cash Advance
Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Foreign Transaction
None
Penalty Fees
  Late Payment
Up to $38
Returned Payment
Up to $38
Overlimit
None

How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)."
Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your Introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due within 60 days after its Payment Due Date.

The variable penalty APR will not exceed 29.99%.
Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, variable APRs will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 12/20/2018.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS

View the full Card Member Agreement.

By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents.
You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it.
When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding.
We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership.
Additional Cards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement. You are responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with them.
Patriot Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity.
Balance Transfers: Only balance transfers from accounts in your name requested within 60 days from the date of account opening will be approved. We will charge your Card account for the total approved amount of all balance transfers. Each transfer will reduce your available credit just like any other transaction. You may request a balance transfer up to the eligible transfer amount, which will be based on your credit worthiness and other factors including your account history with American Express. You may not request a balance transfer amount less than $100 and the total amount of balance transfer request(s) must not exceed your credit limit. We will not initiate any balance transfer until at least ten days after we have mailed or otherwise provided the Card Member Agreement to you. In some cases, it may take up to six weeks to complete a balance transfer. Please be sure to make all required payments on any account from which you are transferring a balance until the balance transfer is credited to that account. You authorize us to verify the balance of such accounts. You may not transfer balances from any account issued by American Express or any of its affiliates. Additional Card Members may not request or authorize balance transfers.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Department of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov
Notice to California Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.


Cash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN.
Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time.
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio civil rights commission administers compliance with this law.
The Marriott Bonvoy BrilliantTM American Express Card is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2019 American Express National Bank.
POID GB7O:0004
OFFER TERMS
Welcome offer not available to applicants who have or have had this Card. We may also consider the number of American Express Cards you have opened and closed as well as other factors in making a decision on your welcome offer eligibility.

Welcome offer not available to applicants who (i) have or have had The Ritz-Carlton Rewards® Credit Card from JP Morgan in the last 30 days, (ii) have acquired The Marriott Rewards® Premier Plus Credit Card from Chase, The Marriott Rewards® Premier Credit Card from Chase, or The Marriott Rewards® Premier Plus Business Credit Card from Chase in the last 90 days, or (iii) received a welcome or upgrade offer for The Marriott Rewards® Premier Plus Credit Card from Chase, The Marriott Rewards® Premier Credit Card from Chase, or The Marriott Rewards® Premier Plus Business Credit Card from Chase in the last 24 months.
To be eligible to earn 75,000 bonus points, you must make eligible purchases with your Starwood Preferred Guest American Express Luxury Card that total $3,000 or more (the "Threshold Amount") within your first 3 months of Card Membership, based on the date of your Card approval. Bonus points will appear on your Starwood Preferred Guest statement 8-12 weeks after you reach the Threshold Amount. If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome offer (s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit bonus points to your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us. Eligible purchases to meet the Threshold Amount can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers (balance transfers are not available on the Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card), cash advances, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional Card Members on your account are not eligible for this offer.

To earn the bonus points, your Card account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment.

You can earn 75,000 bonus points after you spend $3,000 or more in eligible purchases on your card within your first 3 months starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $3,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Bonus points will appear on your Starwood Preferred Guest statement 8-12 weeks after you reach the Threshold Amount.

American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time.
BENEFIT TERMS
The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation.
$300 Marriott Bonvoy Statement Credit
During each year of your Card Membership ("reward year"), you are eligible to receive up to $300 total in statement credits on your Card Account for eligible purchases made directly at participating Marriott Bonvoy hotels on your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant™ American Express® Card during that reward year. Your first reward year begins on your account opening date. Each subsequent reward year begins on the anniversary of your account opening date. Eligible Marriott Bonvoy property purchases must be made directly with the participating Marriott Bonvoy property and charged to your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant American Express Card account for the benefit to apply. Incidental charges (including charges made at restaurants, spas and other establishments within the hotel property) must be charged to your room and paid for with your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant American Express Card at checkout in order to be recognized as Marriott Bonvoy purchases.

Visit marriottbonvoy.com for the list of participating Marriott Bonvoy properties. Purchases made by both the Basic and Additional Card Members on the eligible Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, each Card Account is eligible for up to a total of $300 per renewal year in statement credits across all Cards on the Card Account. Please allow 8–12 weeks after the eligible Marriott Bonvoy purchase is charged to your Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. Please call the number on the back of your Card if statement credits have not posted after 12 weeks from the date of purchase. Card Members remain responsible for timely payment of all charges.
15 Elite Night Credit
For Card Accounts opened on or after 1/1/2019

A maximum of 15 Elite Night credits will be credited to your Marriott BonvoyTM member account within 60 days upon opening your Card Account. On or before March 1 of each subsequent calendar year, a maximum of 15 Elite Night credits will be credited to your Marriott Bonvoy member account operated by Marriott International, Inc. in accordance with Marriott Bonvoy terms and conditions, as long as your Card Account is open as of December 31 of the prior calendar year.

To be eligible to receive the 15 Elite Night credits with this Card, you must be the Basic Card Member, and you must have an active Marriott Bonvoy member account linked to your credit card account. This benefit is not exclusive to credit cards offered by American Express. A maximum of 15 Elite Night credits will be provided per Marriott Bonvoy program member account even if the member has more than one credit card linked to their Marriott Bonvoy account. When your Marriott Bonvoy member accounts are merged, if both accounts have received 15 Elite Night credits, only one 15 Elite Night credit will remain.
6/3/2 Marriott Bonvoy points
You will receive 2 Marriott Bonvoy points for each U.S. dollar of eligible purchases charged on your Marriott Bonvoy BrilliantTM American Express Card.

You will receive 1 additional point (for a total of 3 points) from American Express for each U.S. dollar of eligible purchases charged on your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant American Express Card for airfare on a scheduled flight charged directly with passenger airlines (charter flights and private jet flights are excluded) and 1 additional point (for a total of 3 points) for each dollar charged at restaurants located in the U.S. To earn 1 additional point for a restaurant purchase, the purchase must be at a restaurant located in the United States. You will NOT earn 1 additional point for purchases made at a restaurant owned by a U.S. company but located outside the U.S. (e.g., Hard Rock Café in Paris). You also will NOT earn 1 additional point for purchases at nightclubs, convenience stores, grocery stores or supermarkets. You may not earn 1 additional point for purchases at a restaurant located within another establishment (e.g., a restaurant inside a hotel, casino, or event venue). Purchases made at a restaurant located within a hotel may be recognized as a purchase at a hotel, not a restaurant.

You will receive 4 additional points (for a total of 6 points) for each U.S. dollar of eligible purchases charged on your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant American Express Card when charged directly with participating Marriott Bonvoy properties (excluding home share properties), standalone Marriott branded retail establishments, and Marriott branded online stores (including online purchases of Marriott branded gift cards) that, in each case, are wholly owned or managed by Marriott International, Inc and its affiliates. Eligible purchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits.

Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, person-to-person payments, the purchase or reloading of prepaid cards, and purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply. Points received from your Card will be posted to your Marriott Bonvoy member account up to 12 weeks after the end of each month. To be eligible to receive points, Card Member's account must not be cancelled or in default at the time of bonus fulfillment.

Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. A purchase will not earn additional points if the merchant's code is not eligible. Purchases made through a third-party payment account or on an online marketplace (with multiple retailers) will not earn additional points. A purchase may not earn additional points if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet.
Account Manager
Account Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number.
Air+Car Transfer Program
Participating airlines, car rental companies, and conversion rates are subject to change. See www.airandcar.marriott.com for full program details.
American Express Preferred Seating
Eligible Cards
Preferred Seating is available to U.S. Card Members with an American Express® Gold Card, Platinum Card® or Centurion® Card from American Express, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card, Delta Reserve® Credit Card, Platinum Delta SkyMiles® Business Credit Card, Delta Reserve for Business Credit Card, Marriott Bonvoy™ American Express Card, Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant™ American Express Card, Hilton Honors American Express Ascend Card, Hilton Honors Aspire Card, American Express® Corporate Gold Card, Corporate Platinum Card® or Corporate Centurion® Card from American Express, the Executive Business Card, Business Gold Card, Business Gold Rewards Card, Classic Business Gold Card, Business Platinum Card®, or Business Centurion® Card from American Express.

Tickets available through the American Express Preferred Seating program are available exclusively for qualifying Card Members at no additional cost. Tickets must be purchased with an eligible American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Tickets are subject to availability and apply to select events. Availability will vary by performance based on prior sales. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.

Redemption Information
To redeem an American Express Preferred Seating offer, please proceed to purchase your ticket through any primary ticketing channel including online, mobile, or phone and provide the 10-digit Customer Service phone number located on the back of your Card when prompted.
American Express Presale(s)
During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.
American Express® App
The American Express® App and app features are available only for eligible Card accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible.

To log in, Card Members must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app.
American Express® App
iOS and Android only. See app store listings for operating system info
Destination Family
Valid for new bookings made through American Express Travel and eligible Travel Associate Platform agencies with participating travel providers: Abercrombie & Kent, Royal Caribbean International, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and Travel Impressions. Benefit varies by provider. Payment must be made with an American Express Card. Program benefits may not be available to residents outside of the contiguous United States. Card Member must travel on itinerary booked. Limit one benefit package per booking. May not be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates apply and benefits are subject to change. Benefits listed are non- transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. Available to all U.S. American Express Corporate, Consumer, OPEN and Prepaid Cards.
Dispute Resolution
Not all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor.
Entertainment Access®
Offer valid in select cities. During the specified sales period, tickets are available exclusively to all American Express® Card Members. Tickets must be purchased with an American Express Card. Standard service charges apply. Offer is subject to availability. Not all seats are available and blackout dates apply. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. Offer may be changed or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of American Express. Some events may not be accessible to Card Members with disabilities.
Free Night Award (up to 50k Marriott Bonvoy points)
Each year, after renewal of your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant™ American Express® Card, you will receive one Free Night Award from Marriott Bonvoy. The Free Night Award can be redeemed for a one-night stay inclusive of room rate and applicable taxes at participating Marriott Bonvoy hotels with a redemption level at or under 50,000 Marriott Bonvoy points.

The Card Member may be responsible for payment of additional mandatory resort fees at properties where resort fees are applicable, and is responsible for all incidental charges. This benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member on the Card Account.

The Free Night Award will be automatically deposited into your Marriott Bonvoy member account within 8-12 weeks after your Card Account anniversary date in the form of an e-certificate. You will receive an email from Marriott Bonvoy to the email address listed on your Marriott Bonvoy member account confirming that the Free Night Award e-certificate has been deposited into your Marriott Bonvoy member account. The email will also provide instructions on how to redeem your Free Night Award e-certificate. To redeem the Free Night Award e-certificate, you must log into your Marriott Bonvoy member account and apply the e-certificate during booking. The Free Night Award e-certificate will expire after 1 year from issuance. E-certificates may not be transferred, extended beyond the expiration date, or re-credited for points. To qualify for the Free Night Award, your account must be open and not in default at the time of the Free Night Award e-certificate issuance. Please visit redeem.marriottbonvoy.com/hotels for a list of participating properties. American Express is not responsible for fulfillment of Free Night Award e-certificate redemptions. Redemptions are subject to the terms and conditions of Marriott Bonvoy.
Free Nights - No Blackout Dates
There are no blackout dates for free nights, which apply to standard rooms only as defined by each participating property; contact the property before booking to check availability.
Global Entry
Fee Credit for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®
Marriott Bonvoy BrilliantTM American Express® Card Members are eligible to receive a statement credit every four years for the application fee for either Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® when charged to an eligible Card. Card Members will receive a statement credit for the first program (either Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®) to which they apply and pay for with their eligible Card regardless of whether they are approved for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®. However, Card Members can receive no more than one $85 credit or $100 credit, depending on which program the Card Member first applies for, every four years for an application fee charged to an eligible Card. American Express has no control over the application and/or approval process for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®, and does not have access to any information provided to the government by the Card Member or by the government to the Card Member. American Express has no liability regarding the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® programs. U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) (for Global Entry) and U.S. Transportation Security Administration (TSA) (for TSA Pre✓®) charge an application fee to process each respective application regardless of whether the Card Member's application is approved. American Express will provide a statement credit for the application fee regardless of the decision made by CBP (for Global Entry) or TSA (for TSA Pre✓®) but will not provide a statement credit for subsequent application fees charged to the same eligible Card within four years, even if the original application is rejected.

Membership for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® is per person, and a separate application must be completed for each individual.

For additional information on the Global Entry and TSA Pre✓® programs, including information regarding the application and/or approval process and for a list of participating airlines and airports, as well as the full terms and conditions of the programs, please go to www.globalentry.gov for Global Entry and www.tsa.gov for TSA Pre✓®. The Global Entry and TSA Pre✓® programs are subject to change, and American Express has no control over those changes.

The statement credit benefit applies to the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® programs only. Other program applications including, but not limited to, NEXUS, SENTRI and Privium are not eligible for the statement credit benefit.

Please allow up to 8 weeks after the qualifying Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® transaction is charged to the eligible Card account for the statement credit to be posted to the Card account. American Express relies on accurate transaction data to identify eligible Global Entry and TSA Pre✓® purchases. If you do not see a credit for a qualifying purchase on your eligible Card after 8 weeks, simply call the number on the back of your Card. Card Members are responsible for payment of all application charges until the statement credit posts to the Card account. To be eligible for this benefit, Card account(s) must be active through the time of statement credit fulfillment.

Global Entry Fee Credit Option:
Global Entry is a CBP program that allows expedited clearance for pre-approved, low-risk international travelers upon arrival in the United States. Global Entry membership also includes access to the TSA Pre✓® program with no additional application or fee required. If a Card Member applies separately for TSA Pre✓® with the same eligible Card, the TSA Pre✓® application fee is not eligible for a statement credit.

To receive the $100 Global Entry statement credit, Card Members must pay for the $100 Global Entry application fee with an eligible Card. Global Entry members can opt in to TSA Pre✓® by entering their Global Entry membership number (PASS ID) in the "Known Traveler Number" field each time a flight reservation is made on a participating airline. Alternatively, Card Members can add their Global Entry PASS ID to their frequent flyer profile(s) with the participating airline(s) and then ensure that their frequent flyer number is entered for each flight booking. If approved, membership into the Global Entry program is valid for five years and subject to the program's terms and conditions. You must reapply for the Global Entry program every five years for continuous benefits.

TSA Pre✓® Fee Credit Option:
TSA Pre✓® is an intelligence-driven, risk-based program managed by TSA that allows low-risk travelers to experience faster, more efficient screening at participating U.S. airport checkpoints for domestic and international travel. The TSA Pre✓® application program is a DHS Trusted Traveler program. TSA began accepting TSA Pre✓® applications on Wednesday, Dec. 4, 2013. Enrolling in TSA Pre✓® does not guarantee selection for expedited screening each time a passenger travels.

To receive the $85 TSA Pre✓® statement credit, Card Members must pay for the $85 TSA Pre✓® application fee with an eligible Card. If approved, Membership into the TSA Pre✓® program is valid for five years and subject to the program's terms and conditions.
Instant Card Number
Instant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly validate your identity. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an Instant Card Number that you can use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical Card will not be required. You may not have access to your full credit line to use anywhere the Card is accepted until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your card in 3-5 business days of account approval.
Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee
Valid only for American Express Card Members. If you book a qualifying prepaid hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. Your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. The "Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, or (4) rates booked through the Fine Hotels & Resorts® and The Hotel Collection programs. Details
Marriott Bonvoy Gold Elite status
You will receive complimentary Marriott Bonvoy Gold Elite status with your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant™ American Express® Card. This complimentary Gold Elite status benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member. If your Card is cancelled for any reason, your complimentary Gold Elite status provided with the Card will be cancelled. For more information about Gold Elite status and complete Terms and Conditions, visit marriottbonvoy.com.
Marriott Bonvoy Gold Elite status / Marriott Bonvoy Platinum Elite status Marriott Bonvoy points Earned
A Marriott Bonvoy Gold Elite member will earn a 25% bonus on eligible purchases at participating hotels for each U.S. dollar or the currency equivalent that is incurred and paid for by the member. Extended-stay brands not included.

A Marriott Bonvoy Platinum Elite member will earn a 50% bonus on eligible purchases at participating hotels for each U.S. dollar or the currency equivalent that is incurred and paid for by the member. Extended-stay brands not included.
Marriott Bonvoy Gold Elite status and above - Upgrades
Change to an enhanced room based upon availability at time of check-in. Enhanced rooms are rooms on higher floors, corner rooms, newly renovated rooms and rooms with preferred views. Enhanced rooms do not include suites. Not offered at Aloft® and Element℠ hotels. Subject to availability for the entire length of the stay, provided the room was booked on points- eligible rate and was not booked through a third-party channel, such as priceline.com, expedia.com, booking.com, orbitz.com, and elong.com.
Marriott Bonvoy Gold Elite/Marriott Bonvoy Platinum Elite status Late Checkout
Subject to availability at resort and conference center hotels.
Marriott Bonvoy Moments
Marriott Bonvoy MomentsSM is an exclusive program for Marriott Bonvoy members where Marriott Bonvoy points can be transformed into once-in-a-lifetime experiences. Events have included coveted VIP tickets to the hottest concerts of the year, championship sporting events, and red carpet premieres. Marriott Bonvoy members may use points to bid on or redeem for experiences on marriottbonvoy.com/moments. Offer based on first-come, first-served with limited space available or while supplies last. Employees of Marriott International, Inc. are ineligible to use points for Marriott Bonvoy Moments.
Marriott Bonvoy Platinum Elite status - Upgrades
Subject to availability at check-in for the length of the stay, provided the room was not booked through a third-party channel. Special amenities such as, but not limited to, premium view, Presidential, Honeymoon, and multiple bedroom suites are excluded. This benefit does not apply to all-suite hotels. Best rooms are identified by each property and may not include upgraded Towers level accommodations unless Towers level accommodations are booked originally. The upgrade benefit is available for one room for the personal use of the Member only, regardless of the number of additional rooms purchased by the Member. This benefit is not offered at Aloft and Element properties.
Marriott Bonvoy Platinum Elite status Upgrade
If, in any calendar year of Card Membership your total eligible purchases on your Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant™ American Express® Card account reach $75,000, you (the Basic Card Member) will be enrolled in Marriott Bonvoy Platinum Elite status. This upgrade to Platinum Elite status benefit is only available to the Basic Card Member; however, eligible purchases made by Additional Card Members will contribute to the purchase requirement. Eligible purchases means purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, cash advances, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases of gift cards, person-to-person payments, the purchase or reloading of prepaid cards, and purchases of other cash equivalents. A calendar year is from January 1 to December 31 regardless of when you open your Card Account. Allow 12–16 weeks from the time your total eligible purchases reach $75,000 for your enrollment in Platinum Elite status to become effective. Your upgrade to Platinum Elite status is valid for the remainder of the calendar year in which it was earned and the subsequent calendar year. Your enrollment will expire after that subsequent calendar year unless your eligible purchases during the next calendar year again qualifies you for enrollment, or you qualify for Platinum Elite status under the Marriott Bonvoy terms. For more information about Platinum Elite status and complete Terms and Conditions, visit marriottbonvoy.com.
Marriott Bonvoy Trademarks
Marriott Bonvoy™, Sheraton®, Westin®, St. Regis®, The Luxury Collection®, W®, Le Méridien®, Design Hotels®, Tribute Portfolio®, Element℠, Aloft®, Four Points®, Marriott Rewards®, Marriott®, The Ritz-Carlton®, EDITION®, JW Marriott®, Autograph Collection®, Renaissance®, Delta Hotels®, Marriott Executive Apartments®, Marriott Vacation Club®, Gaylord Hotels®, AC Hotels by Marriott®, Courtyard®, Residence Inn®, Springhill Suites®, Fairfield Inn & Suites®, TownePlace Suites®, Protea Hotels®, Moxy®, and their respective logos are trademarks of Marriott International, Inc., or its affiliates.
No Foreign Transaction Fees
American Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.
Premium Global Assist® Hotline
While Premium Global Assist® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members may be responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. Premium Global Assist Hotline may provide emergency medical transportation assistance at no cost if approved and coordinated by Premium Global Assist Hotline. For full Terms and Conditions call 1-800-345-AMEX or see americanexpress.com/GAterms.
Premium on-property Internet Access
For primary Card Members only, available at participating Marriott Bonvoy hotels. Marriott Bonvoy member account number must be provided at the time of reservation. Premium Internet access is limited to one room per eligible Card Member per stay regardless of how many rooms have been reserved. Some exclusions apply (www.marriottbonvoy.com/terms).
Premium Roadside Assistance
Premium Roadside Assistance provides the following services at no additional cost up to 4 times per calendar year when Card Member is present with the eligible vehicle: towing up to 10 miles, winching, jump starts, flat tire change when Card Member has a workable spare, lockout service when key is in vehicle and delivery of up to 2 gallons of fuel. Card Member will be charged for the costs of towing in excess of 10 miles and any other additional services. Coverage is available in the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. This product does not cover some vehicles, e.g. rental vehicles, motorcycles, taxicabs, unlicensed vehicles, tractors and trucks over 10,000 lbs gross vehicle weight. Other important exclusions apply. In case of inclement weather, we may be unable to provide you with services. Services may not be available or may be at the cost of the Card Member on roadways which restrict access to certain service providers. Lockout service may be unavailable for vehicles with transponder keys. Subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, call 855-431-1156 or see americanexpress.com/RAterms.
Priority Pass Select
These Terms and Conditions govern Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant™ American Express® Card Members' participation in and use of the Priority Pass™ Select program. Priority Pass is an independent airport lounge access program. At any visit to a Priority Pass Select lounge that admits guests, you may bring in two guests for no charge. After two guests, you will be automatically charged the guest visit fee equal to the guest visit fee of the Priority Pass Standard program for each additional guest. Some lounges do not admit guests. By enrolling in Priority Pass Select, you agree that you will be responsible for any additional accompanying guest visits and that your Card will be automatically charged after you have signed for the additional guest visit and it has been reported to Priority Pass by the participating lounge. Additionally, you acknowledge and agree that American Express will verify your Card account number and provide updated Card account information to Priority Pass. Priority Pass will use this information to fulfill on the Priority Pass Select program and may use this information for marketing related to the program. Once enrolled, Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant™ American Express Card Members whose Card account is not cancelled may access participating Priority Pass Select lounges by presenting your Priority Pass Select card and airline boarding pass. In some lounges, Priority Pass Select member must be 21 years of age to enter without a parent or guardian. Priority Pass Select members must adhere to all house rules of participating lounges. Amenities may vary among airport lounge locations. Conference rooms, where available, may be reserved for a nominal fee. Priority Pass Select lounge partners and locations are subject to change. All Priority Pass Select members must adhere to the Priority Pass Conditions of Use, which will be sent to you with your membership package, and can be viewed at www.prioritypass.com/select. Upon receipt of your enrollment information, Priority Pass will send your Priority Pass Select card and membership package, which you should receive within 10–14 business days. If you have not received the Priority Pass card after 14 days, please contact American Express using the number on the back of your Card. Please note, Additional Card Members are not eligible for membership.
Redeem Marriott Bonvoy points for free nights
Marriott Bonvoy points redeemed for a free night include the cost of a standard room and applicable taxes only. Some hotels may have mandatory service and resort charges. Please contact hotel or resort for complete details. Points required for a free night range from 7,500 points in a standard room at a Category 1 property to 60,000 points in a standard room at a Category 7 property. Category 7 properties that are all suites, villas, or have mandatory board require higher points redemptions. For complete information on reward stays, visit marriottbonvoy.com.
Return Protection
Return Protection can refund you for eligible purchase(s) charged entirely on an eligible American Express® Card. Coverage is limited to 90 days from purchase, up to $300 per item and up to a maximum of $1,000 per Card Member account per calendar year based on the date of purchase. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Items are eligible if they are in the original purchase condition and if they cannot be returned to the merchant from which they were originally purchased. Certain purchases are not eligible for refund, e.g. motorized vehicles, perishable items, computer software, and jewelry. Other important exclusions apply. Purchases must be made in the 50 United States of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, Guam and Northern Mariana Islands. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. Return Protection is subject to additional important terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/RPterms.
ShopRunner
ShopRunner Benefit Terms and Conditions
Enrolling in the Benefit.
To get the free ShopRunner membership benefit compliments of American Express (the "benefit"), you must go to www.shoprunner.com/americanexpress and verify your eligibility for the benefit with an eligible Card account number and then complete the sign up for a ShopRunner membership account ("ShopRunner account"). For details on how the ShopRunner membership works, please see the ShopRunner Terms and Conditions at https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/sr/ which govern the use of your ShopRunner membership benefit.
You may also be able to enroll in this benefit through access provided to ShopRunner at participating online stores or through an email provided by American Express if it has determined that you have an eligible Card.
An "eligible Card" means an American Express U.S. Consumer or Small Business Credit or Charge Card that is not cancelled and that is issued to you by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible. ShopRunner will verify with American Express the eligibility of your Credit or Charge Card account number for the benefit.
Maintaining the Benefit.
To maintain this benefit on your ShopRunner account, you must maintain an eligible Card. The benefit may be cancelled on your ShopRunner account if you do not have an eligible Card. You can maintain only one benefit per eligible Card.
During your enrollment in the benefit, ShopRunner and American Express will verify your benefit eligibility.
Treatment of Existing ShopRunner Memberships.
If you enroll in the benefit and sign up with an existing ShopRunner account, ShopRunner will cancel the term of your existing ShopRunner account.
If you paid a fee for any unused portion of the cancelled term of membership, ShopRunner will provide you with a pro rata refund for that portion in accordance with ShopRunner's refund policy. The refund will be processed within 2-4 weeks after enrollment and will be issued to the payment method you used to pay the fee.
If a portion of the cancelled term of membership was promotional or free, the free period will be cancelled by ShopRunner and forfeited by you. If you currently have a free or promotional membership on your ShopRunner account, you should consider whether to enroll in the benefit at this time.
General Terms.
An eligible Card can be used to verify eligibility for only one benefit enrollment. American Express may receive and use your personal data from ShopRunner, which may include personally identifiable information and Credit Card information, to determine eligibility and further develop features and services related to the benefit. American Express may send you emails regarding your enrollment in this benefit. Any information American Express collects from you or from ShopRunner shall be governed by the American Express Online Privacy Statement (https://www.americanexpress.com/privacy). American Express may change, modify, cancel, revoke, or terminate this benefit at any time.
You can review these Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting https://www.shoprunner.com/terms/amex/.
Spending Limits
When you request that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreement.

At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing period.

Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us.

The Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions.
The American Express Auto Purchasing Program Disclosure
For a Configured Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that a Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP on any in-stock vehicle that is the same make, model, and trim as your Configured Vehicle. The Guaranteed Savings for your Configured Vehicle is based on a vehicle without factory or dealer installed options and includes generally available manufacturer incentives. For an In-Stock Vehicle, the Guaranteed Savings represents the amount that the Certified Dealer guarantees that you will save off the MSRP of the vehicle with the specific VIN listed and includes savings on factory-installed options. If you change your vehicle or the optional features, it will change your savings. For full Terms and Conditions, see amexnetwork.truecar.com.
The Boingo American Express Preferred Plan
Complimentary access to Boingo Wi-Fi is being provided as a benefit to Card Members with eligible Cards. In order to access the benefit, Card Members with eligible Cards must first be authenticated and create a Boingo American Express Preferred Plan (or, the “AXP Plan”) account. Internet access may be required in order to be authenticated and create an account. For questions on eligibility, call the number on the back of your Card.
If you submit your American Express Card number to Boingo to verify that your Card is eligible for this benefit, Boingo will send your Card number to American Express. Upon receipt of your Card number from Boingo, American Express will provide confirmation of your Card's eligibility for the American Express Preferred Plan to Boingo. Boingo will not store or use your Card number for any other purpose. Boingo's use of this information is subject to its privacy policy.If you have an existing paid Boingo subscription plan, your existing plan will not be automatically cancelled when you enroll in the AXP Plan. If you would like to cancel any existing paid subscription plan, call Boingo's dedicated AXP Plan line.
The AXP Plan only provides access to land-based Wi-Fi services and does not include in-flight Wi-Fi. Available hotspots in Boingo's network, including those managed and operated by Boingo and its partners (“Boingo's Network”) are subject to change at any time. Visit http://wifi.boingo.com to locate hotspots.
Your use of Boingo's Wi-Fi services is subject to Boingo's End User License Agreement and Customer Agreement and other applicable terms and conditions, including Boingo's privacy and security policies, available at www.boingo.com. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Boingo's terms and conditions, American Express Card Members with eligible Cards (i) will not be charged for enrollment in the AXP Plan, and (ii) will be permitted to connect no more than four devices to Boingo's Network per month. Simultaneous use of devices with a single account is limited to a hotspot.
By subscribing for this benefit, you acknowledge that American Express is not responsible for and does not guarantee the quality, security, coverage or availability of Boingo's Network or the free Wi-Fi hotspots accessed through the Wi-Finder App. You agree that use of Wi-Fi accessed through Boingo is at your own risk.
Use of the AXP Plan is limited to authorized Card Members only.
This benefit is non-transferable, it is your responsibility to ensure that no one else has access to your account details. Your account may be terminated for breach of any terms or conditions or for abuse of your AXP Plan account.From time to time, Boingo may request that you re-authenticate your Boingo American Express Preferred Plan account in order to confirm that you are still a Card Member with an eligible Card. You can receive alerts and connect seamlessly to Boingo by downloading the Wi-Finder App to your laptop, tablet and mobile devices. This benefit is subject to change or cancellation without notice.
Transfer Marriott Bonvoy points to Airline Program
Marriott International, Inc. will add 15,000 Marriott Bonvoy points for every 60,000 points you transfer to airlines miles. For a list of participating airlines, transfer ratios, and full program details, go to marriottbonvoy.com. Participating airlines and transfer ratios are subject to change. Check with your frequent flyer program for details on redemption of airline miles.
Year-End Summary
The Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year.
AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES
For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide
Baggage Insurance Plan
Baggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0400, Policy AX0400-PR, Policy AX0400-VI, or Policy BIP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000107. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. To be covered, you must pay the entire fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For checked baggage, a written report of the loss must be filed with the Common Carrier. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms.
Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance
Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0925, Policy AX0925-PR, Policy AX0925-VI, or Policy CRLDI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000108. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policies. Coverage applies for the first 30 days of a vehicle rental and when rented from a Rental Company. Coverage is not available for ride-sharing companies that allow individuals to rent out their personal vehicle. This policy does not cover some vehicles, e.g. off-road vehicles, limousines and antique cars, as described in the Terms and Conditions. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. This product provides collision damage to the rented vehicle but does not cover such things as damages to other vehicles or property, or injury to other persons. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms.
Extended Warranty
Extended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0953, Policy AX0953-PR, Policy AX0953-VI, or Policy EW-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000109. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau, and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Extended Warranty can extend the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty on warranties of five years or less. We match the length of the original warranty if the original manufacturer's warranty is less than two years, and we provide two additional years* if the original manufacturer's warranty is between two years and five years. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. items with physical damage, damage as a result of natural disaster, software, motorized devices and vehicles and their parts. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be covered up to the amount charged on your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to a maximum of USD $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed USD $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms.

*For residents of Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands, Your coverage will match the original warranty period for warranties of less than one (1) year or provide one (1) additional year if the warranty is between one (1) and five (5) years.
Purchase Protection
Purchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0951, Policy AX0951-PR, Policy AX0951-VI, or Policy PP-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under Policy CRCB000000110. This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. Shipping and handling costs for the purchase will not be refunded. Certain purchases are not covered, e.g. consumable and perishable items, and motorized vehicles and their parts or accessories, or normal wear and tear. Other important exclusions apply. You will only be reimbursed for the amount charged to your eligible Card; coverage is limited up to $10,000 per occurrence; not to exceed $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year. You may be required to send the purchased item to us, in which case we will reimburse you for that shipping cost. This product provides secondary coverage. This means it pays eligible benefits not paid by any primary insurance that you have. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms.
Travel Accident Insurance
Travel Accident Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative Office, Phoenix, AZ under Policy AX0948, Policy AX0948-PR, Policy AX0948-VI or Policy TAI-IND. For residents of GU and MP, the Plan is underwritten by Tokio Marine Pacific Insurance Limited, Hagatna, Guam under CRCB000000111 . This benefit is not available to residents of American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Palau and the US Minor Outlying Islands. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of the Policies applicable to your Card and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or replace the Policy. To be covered, you must pay the Entire Fare for travel on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) with your eligible Card. Entire Fare means the full fare cost for a Covered Trip on a Common Carrier. You can use your Basic or Additional Card Member's American Express Card or in combination with American Express Membership Rewards® Points or American Express Pay with Points program for the entire fare. If you use another form of payment or frequent flyer miles or points from another program to pay for all or part of the fare, you will not be covered. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. For residents of WA, to be eligible for claim payment, your account must be in good standing on the eligible card that maintains the original charge. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/TAIterms.