SimplyCash® Plus Business Credit Card from American ExpressNo annual fee¤ and earn cash back in the form of a statement credit.‡Automatic cash back.Buy above your credit limit.*$0 Annual fee0.0% introductory APR on purchases for 9 months. After that your APR will be a variable rate, currently 14.49%, 19.49% or 21.49%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.¤*The amount you can spend above your credit limit is not unlimited. It adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record, financial resources known to us, and other factors.Reviews(27)











Read SimplyCash® Plus Business Credit Card ReviewsApply♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesSimplyCash® Plus Business Credit Card from American ExpressNo annual fee¤ and earn cash back in the form of a statement credit.‡HighlightsAutomatic cash back.‡No annual fee.¤Buy above your credit limit.**The amount you can spend above your credit limit is not unlimited. It adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record, financial resources known to us, and other factors.Fees$0 annual fee¤0.0% introductory APR on purchases for 9 months. After that your APR will be a variable rate, currently 14.49%, 19.49% or 21.49%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening.¤Featured SimplyCash® Plus Business Credit Card BenefitsSpending CapacityThe Card allows you to buy above your credit limit* and get cash back on those purchases too - with no overlimit fees¤, calls to make, or steps to take.‡*The amount you can spend above your credit limit is not unlimited. It adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record, financial resources known to us, and other factors.Cash BackWe know that for you it's all about the bottom line. The SimplyCash® Plus Business Credit Card gives you cash back just by using the Card to purchase things you already buy for your business. 5%cash back at U.S. office supply stores and on wireless telephone services purchased directly from U.S. service providers.3%cash back on the category of your choice from a list of select categories. Categories available:Airfare purchased directly from airlinesHotel rooms purchased directly from hotelsCar rentals purchased from select car rental companiesU.S. gas stationsU.S. restaurantsU.S. purchases for advertising in select mediaU.S. purchases for shippingU.S. computer hardware, software, and cloud computing purchases made directly from select providers1%cash back on other purchases.Terms and limitations apply.‡ 5% and 3% apply to the first $50,000 in purchases per calendar year, then 1% applies thereafter. Cash back earned is automatically credited to your statement.

05-membership/dls-icon-point-3x
Created with Sketch.















Over 1.5 million more places in the U.S. started accepting American Express® Cards in 2017.SimplyCash® Plus Business Credit Card  Benefits & DetailsMore Flexibility over your purchases








Buy Above Your Credit Limit*Enjoy the option to make larger purchases and earn cash back on those purchases, with no limit on how much you can get.‡The amount above your credit limit is due in full each month as part of your minimum payment dueNo overlimit fee¤, calls to make, or steps to takeNo limit to the total amount of cash back you can get‡*The amount you can spend above your credit limit is not unlimited. It adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record, financial resources known to us and other factors.Travel & Transportation perks and protection when you're doing business on the road








Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, you can be covered if your eligible rental car is damaged or stolen when you use your eligible Card to reserve and pay for the entire eligible vehicle rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the rental car counter. Please read important exclusions and restrictions. Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered. Coverage is not available in Australia, Italy, and New Zealand. This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Roadside Assistance Hotline‡Your car dies or blows a tire and you're stranded. Now what? Luckily you're a Card Member. With Roadside Assistance Hotline‡ you can call us in case of emergency for reliable coordination and assistance service to help get you on your way. Third-party service costs are your responsibility. There are some vehicle exclusions and other important restrictions.Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎Travel more comfortably knowing you can be covered by the Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎ for eligible lost, damaged, or stolen baggage when you purchase the entire fare for a Common Carrier ticket (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) on your eligible Card. Coverage can be provided for up to $1,250 for carry-on baggage and up to $500 for checked baggage. For New York State residents, there is a $10,000 aggregate maximum limit for all Covered Persons per Covered Trip. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Global Assist® Hotline‡When you travel more than 100 miles from home, you have 24/7 access to medical, legal, financial or other select emergency coordination and assistance services, including medical and legal referrals, assistance with cash wires, passport replacement, missing luggage and more. Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.Travel Accident Insurance♦︎Travel Accident Insurance♦︎ can provide up to $100,000 in accidental death and dismemberment coverage while traveling on a Common Carrier (e.g. plane, train, ship, or bus) when the entire fare has been charged to the eligible Card. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Expense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses








Employee CardsThere is $0 annual fee for each Employee SimplyCash® Plus Card. Add Employee Cards to get rewards‡ on employee purchases and stay on top of expenses with spending limits‡, alerts, and summary reports.Account ManagerWhen you designate an Account Manager, you can allow trusted individuals - like an assistant or business partner - to access and manage your Business Card account. So you can trust your Account Manager to get the work done when you can't be there.‡Spend ManagerSMSpend ManagerSM is a feature available to help you manage your Card expenses by allowing you to add receipts and notes to your transactions either via desktop or your mobile device.‡Connect to QuickBooks®Label and transfer your transaction data from your American Express Business Card online statement directly into your QuickBooks account after you enroll.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help you avoid late payments, notify you of irregular activity, and monitor Employee Card spending.Year-End SummaryAt the end of the year, see a complete summary that categorizes your spend by month and purchase type, and helps you track your business expenses down to the last detail.‡Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.Amex® AppEasily manage your account, pay your bill, check your balance, view your benefits and more from your mobile phone or tablet.Vendor Pay‡You can make the most out of paying your business bills. Improve your cash flow and take advantage of Card benefits when you use your Card to pay bills with Vendor Pay by Bill.com.Take advantage of Vendor Pay by Bill.com by enrolling your Card. With the Basic plan, there is no monthly fee for the first user. Additional fees may apply based on plan type and number of users.Even More Benefits for Card Members








Extended Warranty♦︎With Extended Warranty ♦︎ you can shop with less worry knowing the terms of the original manufacturer's warranty can be extended up to two additional years*. Applies to warranties of 5 years or less that are eligible in the U.S. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.*For residents of Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands, Your coverage will match the original warranty period for warranties of less than one (1) year or provide one (1) additional year if the warranty is between one (1) and five (5) years.Purchase Protection♦︎When something you buy breaks or is stolen, Purchase Protection ♦︎ can have you covered. Use your Card for eligible purchases, and your purchases can be protected from accidental damage or theft for up to 120 days* from the moment you buy them. Please read important exclusions and restrictions.*For residents of New York, Indiana, Guam, Puerto Rico, and Northern Mariana Islands coverage duration is 90 days.Dispute ResolutionWe will work with you to resolve the issue if there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding. With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone. Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.Apply by PhoneApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & FeesApply by PhoneApply Online♦︎‡†Offer & Benefit Terms | ¤Rates & Fees