Business Gold Card  Benefits & DetailsGet More Rewards and more value from points
Earning Membership Rewards®The Membership Rewards® program keeps it simple.
Just use your Card for purchases, large or small, and watch the points add up.
Plus, there’s no limit to how many points you can earn, and don’t worry about expiration dates because there aren’t any.‡Redeeming Membership Rewards®The Membership Rewards® program offers a breadth of exceptional rewards and the most point transfer partners, of any major U.S.
credit card loyalty program.‡25% Airline BonusBook your flight with American Express Travel using Membership Rewards® Pay with Points and get 25% of those points back.‡Either book any class flight with your selected qualifying airline, or a First or Business class flight.
You can get up to 250,000 points back per calendar year.Flexible solutions for managing cash flow
Pay Over Time OptionThe Pay Over Time option on the Card lets you carry a balance with interest on purchases of $100 or more.‡How it works:Purchases of $100 or more are eligible to be paid over time, up to the amount of your Pay Over Time limit on your account.
You can choose to pay for these purchases over time with interest, or you can pay your full balance, whichever is best for your business.
All purchases under $100 are due in full each month.No Preset Spending LimitThe Business Gold Card has no preset spending limit, which gives you purchasing power that adjusts with your use of the Card and other factors.‡No preset spending limit does not mean unlimited spending.
Purchasing power adjusts with your use of the Card, your payment history, credit record and financial resources known to us, and other factors.Expense Management Tools to help you track and organize expenses
American Express® Business AppSimplify the way you and your employees manage Business Card receipts with the American Express® Business App.‡Year-End SummaryOrganizing your expenses can be a time-consuming task.
That’s why we provide a Year-End Summary of charges to help you manage your account online.
It’s one of many features that come with carrying a Business Card from American Express.‡Employee CardsAdd Employee Cards to earn rewards‡ on employee purchases and stay on top of expenses with spending limits‡, alerts, and summary reports.
The Business Gold Card offers an Employee Card option with no annual fee.Account ManagerFree up time.
Assign a trusted team member to oversee your American Express account.
Account Managers can handle tasks like making payments, reviewing transactions, and adding Employee Cards, so you’re free to focus on other priorities.‡Account AlertsSet Account Alerts to help you avoid late payments, notify you of irregular activity, and monitor Employee Card use.Online StatementsView your purchase history, prepare reports, and budget your expenses.American Express® AppTrack spending and rewards, find offers, make a payment, and get important account alerts in real-time with the American Express® App.‡Vendor Pay by Bill.com‡You can make the most out of paying your business bills.
Improve your cash flow and take advantage of Card benefits when you use your Card to pay bills with Vendor Pay by Bill.com.Take advantage of Vendor Pay by Bill.com by enrolling your Card.
With the Basic plan, there is no monthly fee for the first user.
Additional fees may apply based on plan type and number of users.Travel & Transportation perks and protection when you're doing business on the road
No Foreign Transaction FeesDo business globally and pay no foreign transaction fees on your purchases.*‡¤*American Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card.
However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions.The Hotel CollectionBook The Hotel Collection with American Express Travel and get the following benefits at participating properties when you stay at least two consecutive nights:‡$100 hotel credit, to spend on qualifying dining, spa, and resort activitiesRoom upgrade upon arrival, when availableGlobal Assist® Hotline‡Whenever you travel more than 100 miles from home, you may be eligible for 24/7 emergency assistance and coordination services, including medical, legal, and passport referrals, emergency cash wires, and missing luggage assistance.
Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers.
Other terms and conditions apply.The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders GroupPlanning your next business trip? Get access to travel discounts and amenities when you enroll in The Travel Collection by Travel Leaders Group at no additional cost.
To learn more visit TheTravelCollection.com or call a Travel Collection Specialist to enroll at 877-485-8053 between 8am and 12am ET Monday through Friday or between 9am and 6pm ET on Saturdays and Sundays.‡Baggage Insurance Plan♦︎Travel more comfortably knowing you can be covered for lost, damaged, or stolen Baggage when you purchase the Entire Fare for a Common Carrier Vehicle ticket (e.g.
plane, train, ship, or bus) on an Eligible Card.
Coverage can be provided for up to $1,250 for carry-on Baggage and up to $500 for checked Baggage.
For New York State residents, there is a $10,000 aggregate maximum limit for all Covered Persons per Covered Trip.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance♦︎As a Card Member, You can be covered for Damage to or Theft of a Rental Vehicle in a Covered Territory when You use your Eligible Card to reserve and pay for the Entire Rental and decline the collision damage waiver at the Rental Company counter.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.
Not all vehicle types or rentals are covered.
Coverage is not available for vehicles rented in Australia, Italy and New Zealand.
This product provides secondary coverage and does not include liability coverage.Trip Delay InsuranceIf you purchase a round-trip entirely with your eligible Card on or after January 1, 2020 and a covered reason delays your trip more than 12 hours, we may be able to help.
Terms, conditions and limitations apply.*‡*Coverage is provided by New Hampshire Insurance Company, an AIG Company.Even More Benefits for Card Members
Extended Warranty♦With Extended Warranty♦ you can shop with less worry knowing the terms of the Original Manufacturer's Warranty can be extended up to one additional year.
Applies to warranties of 5 years or less on Covered Purchases in the United States or its territories or possessions.Purchase Protection♦When an American Express® Card Member charges a Covered Purchase with their Eligible Card, Purchase Protection♦ can help protect their Covered Purchases for up to 90 days from the Covered Purchase date if it is stolen or accidentally damaged.
The coverage is limited up to $1,000 per occurrence, up to $50,000 per Card Member account per calendar year.
Please read important exclusions and restrictions.Relationship Care® ServiceWhen you become an American Express Card Member, you can receive our special brand of Relationship Care® service.
Whenever you have questions or concerns about your American Express Card, you can rely on us to give you answers 24/7.
Simply call the number on the back of your Card to speak to one of our Customer Care Professionals who are specially trained to understand the needs of small business owners and can provide you with business-savvy support.Dispute ResolutionWe will work with you to help resolve the issue if there is a fraudulent or incorrect charge on your statement.‡Amex OffersAmex Offers is a simple and easy way to make your life more rewarding.
With offers for shopping, dining, travel, and more, there's something for everyone.
Adding offers to your Card is quick, easy, and best of all, incredibly rewarding.