†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information   Account terms are not guarant
eed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transacti
ons, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law 
based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategi
es, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are full
y informed about the terms of this credit card offer.     Interest Rates and Int
erest Charges       Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases    14.49% to 24.4
9%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account.After that, your A
PR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     APR for Balance Transf
ers    14.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your accou
nt.After that, your APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     A
PR for Cash Advances   17.49% to 26.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you
 open your account, for Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances, and26.49% for Ba
nk Cash Advances. See footnote Footnote  1 for explanation.These APRs will vary 
with the market based on the Prime Rate.     Penalty APRand When it Applies   Up
 to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.This APR will vary with the market ba
sed on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied to new transactions on your accoun
t if you:    • Make a late payment.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If your
 APRs are increased, the Penalty APR will apply indefinitely.     How to Avoid P
aying Interest on Purchases   Your due date is at least 25 days after the close 
of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you p
ay your entire balance by the due date each month.     Minimum Interest Charge  
 If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $1.50.     For Cre
dit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau   To learn more abou
t factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the websit
e of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/
learnmore     Please see the next page for a continuation of the Details of Rate
, Fee and Other Cost Information.     Fees       Annual Fee   $69     Transactio
n Fees           • Purchase   Purchase of a wire transfer from a non-financial i
nstitution: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is gre
ater.       • Balance Transfer   Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transact
ion, whichever is greater.       • Cash Advance   Direct Deposit and Check Cash 
Advances:  Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is grea
ter.ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online and Cash Equivalent Cash Advances:Eit
her $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater. Overdraft
 Protection Cash Advance (if enrolled): $12 for each transaction.       • Foreig
n Transaction   None     Penalty Fees           • Late Payment   Up to $38      
 • Returned Payment   Up to $27       How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use
 a method called “average daily balance (including new purchases).”Payments are 
allocated to posted balances. If your account has balances with different APRs, 
we will allocate the amount of your payment equal to the Total Minimum Payment D
ue to the lowest APR balances first. Payment amounts in excess of your Total Min
imum Payment Due will be applied to balances with higher APRs before balances wi
th lower APRs.1 Bank Cash Advances include ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Onlin
e, Overdraft Protection and Cash Equivalent (money orders, foreign currency, tra
velers checks, or to obtain cash, from a non-financial institution, or person-to
-person money transfers, bets, lottery tickets purchased outside the United Stat
es, casino gaming chips and bail bonds) Cash Advances. More Information about Pe
nalty Fees and Penalty APRPenalty Fees: If your Total Minimum Payment Due is not
 received by your Payment Due Date, a Late Payment Fee of $27 will be assessed; 
$38 for subsequent occurrences that are within 6 billing cycles of a previous oc
currence. However, the Late Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum paymen
t that was due. If your balance is $100 or less on the Payment Due Date, we will
 not assess a Late Payment Fee. The Returned Payment Fee will not exceed the tot
al minimum payment that was due. Penalty APR: Your Penalty APR will not exceed 2
9.99% on new transactions. There is no Penalty APR on existing balances.Prime Ra
te: The Variable APRs above are based on the current Prime Rate of 4.75%.       
CONDITIONS      By submitting this application, you: (1) acknowledge that you ha
ve reviewed the credit card Terms and Conditions; and (2) agree to submit your a
pplication for this credit card subject to those Terms and Conditions. The words
 “you” and “your” apply to each person who submits the application. You have rea
d the accompanying application, and you affirm that everything you have stated i
s true and complete. You are at least 18 years of age or you are at least 21 yea
rs of age if a permanent resident of Puerto Rico. You authorize Bank of America,
 N.A. (hereinafter “we”, “us” or “our”) to obtain your credit report(s), employm
ent history and any other information in order to approve or decline this applic
ation, service your account, and manage our relationship with you. If you ask, w
e will tell you the name and address of any consumer reporting agency that provi
ded such report(s) to us. You consent to our sharing of information about you an
d your account with the organization, if any, endorsing this credit card program
. You authorize us to share with others, to the extent permitted by law, such in
formation and our credit experience with you. In addition, you may as a customer
 later indicate a preference to exempt your account from some of the information
-sharing with other companies (“opt-out”). If you accept or use an account, you 
do so subject to the terms of this application, the “Details of Rate, Fee and Ot
her Cost Information” and the Credit Card Agreement, as it may be amended; you a
lso agree to pay and/or to be held jointly and severally liable for all charges 
incurred under such terms. Any changes you make to the terms of this application
 will have no effect. You understand that if your application is approved with a
 credit line that is greater than or equal to $5,000, you will receive a Visa Si
gnature® account; if your credit line is less than $5,000, you will receive a Pl
atinum Plus® account. The benefits for Platinum Plus® accounts differ from Visa 
Signature® accounts. You also understand that the Annual Percentage Rate you rec
eive will be determined based on your creditworthiness. You understand that only
 a portion of your Total Credit Line will be available for Bank Cash Advances. Y
ou also understand that if you have existing credit card accounts with Bank of A
merica, we may utilize the available credit on the existing account(s) to approv
e your new credit card which could include moving credit from an account with a 
lower annual percentage rate and/or fee structure to a higher annual percentage 
rate and/or fee structure without increasing your overall credit limit. You acce
pt that on a periodic basis your account may be considered for automatic upgrade
 at our discretion. You consent to and authorize us, any of our affiliates, or o
ur marketing associates to monitor and/or record any of your phone conversations
 with any of our representatives. You further consent to our use of automatic di
alers, text, or prerecorded messages for servicing your account even if the tele
phone number is a mobile telephone number for which the called party is charged.
 If additional development is necessary based on the application information pro
vided, we will make every attempt to contact you.     FEATURES     MyCruise® Rew
ards Program Information. The MyCruise Points Rewards program is offered by Roya
l Caribbean Cruises Ltd., Celebrity Cruises, Inc., and Azamara Club Cruises (col
lectively, “MyCruise Partners”). Bank of America, N.A. is the issuer of all Roya
l Caribbean, Celebrity and Azamara Club Cruises Visa® credit card accounts. MyCr
uise Partners and Bank of America N.A. share in the administration of the reward
s program associated with the credit cards. Participants are automatically enrol
led in the rewards program at no additional cost. How You Earn MyCruise Points: 
You earn MyCruise points when you use your card to make purchases, minus returns
, credits and adjustments (“Net Purchases”). The following transactions are not 
considered Net Purchases and will not earn points: Balance Transfers and Cash Ad
vances (each as defined in your Credit Card Agreement), fees, interest charges, 
fraudulent transactions and certain other charges. There are two earnings rates.
 1 MyCruise Point: Earn 1 MyCruise point (base point) for every $1 of Net Purcha
ses charged to the card each billing cycle. 2 MyCruise Points: Earn 2 MyCruise p
oints (consisting of 1 bonus point and 1 base point) for every $1 spent on eligi
ble Net Purchases made with the card in connection with products or services obt
ained through Royal Caribbean, Celebrity and Azamara. For any transaction to qua
lify for 2 MyCruise points per dollar, a Royal Caribbean, Celebrity or Azamara s
hip name or Royal Caribbean, Celebrity or Azamara must be identified as the merc
hant and appear as such on your monthly statement. Bonus Point Processing: Merch
ants are assigned a merchant category code (MCC) based upon the merchant's prima
ry line of business. We do not determine which MCC a merchant chooses to classif
y itself. We group similar MCCs into Bonus Categories to help you earn bonus rew
ards on purchases made at specific merchants. Your purchase may not qualify to r
eceive the bonus earn rate if the merchant does not process transactions under t
he MCC that corresponds with the Bonus Category, or your purchase is processed t
hrough a third-party payment account, mobile/wireless card reader, digital walle
t not supported by Bank of America or similar technology where the technology do
es not support transmission of MCCs. For those Net Purchases, you will earn 1 ba
se point per dollar. Points Cap: Each calendar year, you may earn a maximum of 5
40,000 MyCruise points on qualifying Net Purchases posting from January 1 throug
h December 31. MyCruise points accumulate for a maximum of 60 months from when t
hey are first posted to the account (the posting date is not the same as the tra
nsaction date). This means that over the course of those 60 months (approximatel
y 5 years), you may accumulate and redeem a maximum of 2,700,000 MyCruise points
.  How You Use Your MyCruise Points: Redeem MyCruise points for stateroom upgrad
es, cruise discounts, companion fares, cruise vacations, onboard credits or amen
ities, merchandise and charitable donations. MyCruise points may be redeemed by 
logging in to your account at CelebrityCruises.com/MyCruiseRewardsOnline.  Point
s Expiration: After the 60th month, unused MyCruise points earned during the fir
st month will expire and will be subtracted from the cumulative MyCruise points 
total. MyCruise points earned from the 61st month will then be added to the cumu
lative MyCruise points total, and so on for each successive month. MyCruise poin
ts are not considered earned and available for use until they appear on a statem
ent. Points Forfeiture: If the owner(s) of the card account voluntarily closes t
he card account, or if for any reason we close the card account, any unredeemed 
points associated with the account are subject to immediate forfeiture, unless s
pecifically authorized by us. Rewards Program Rules: Program Rules containing ad
ditional details will be sent to you with your new account materials. Other sign
ificant terms apply. Program subject to change.   Bonus Points Offer. You will e
arn 10,000 one-time new cardholder bonus points if you use your new credit card 
account to make at least one Purchase, Balance Transfer or Cash Advance transact
ion (exclusive of any fees, including the annual fee, returns and adjustments) t
hat posts to your account within 90 days of the account open date. Limit 1 bonus
 points offer per new account. This one-time promotion is limited to customers o
pening a new account in response to this offer and will not apply to requests to
 convert existing accounts. Other advertised promotional bonus points offers can
 vary from this promotion and may not be substituted. Bonus points are credited 
to your account approximately 6-8 weeks after you qualify and they will count to
ward your maximum yearly points earnings limits. The value of this reward may co
nstitute taxable income to you. You may be issued an Internal Revenue Service Fo
rm 1099 (or other appropriate form) that reflects the value of such reward. Plea
se consult your tax advisor, as neither we, Celebrity Cruises, nor our affiliate
s, provide tax advice.$300 Discount off a Future Cruise.  Valid only for sailing
s on Celebrity Cruises 7 nights or greater and in a Concierge Class stateroom or
 above. Cardholder must make any combination of qualifying transactions (Purchas
e, Balance Transfer or Cash Advance) totaling at least $5,000 (exclusive of any 
fees, returns and adjustments) that post to your account within 60 days of the a
ccount open date. Cardholder will be eligible for this benefit approximately 4-6
 weeks from the date the $5,000 threshold is met; upon which, the Cardholder wil
l be able to apply this to a booking by calling a Celebrity representative at 80
0-760-0654, and selecting option 2. Applicable to all price programs except Inte
rline, Travel Agent Reduced rate, Individual &amp; Group Incentive, Employee, an
d net rates. Applicable to individual and group bookings to cruise component onl
y. Not applicable for: shore excursions, tour packages, or any other personal ch
arges. Applicable to new accounts only. One discount per booking and valid only 
for the Cardholder noted. If credit is applied to a booking of lesser value, the
 difference will not be carried to another booking and it will be considered as 
used. Cruise must be taken 18 months from date of discount issue (discount issue
 date is based on when the discount is available in Celebrity's reservation syst
em, which is usually 4-6 weeks after the qualification criteria has been met) an
d is not redeemable for inaugural, holiday, Celebrity Xpedition, Transatlantic a
nd Transpacific sailings. Offer is subject to stateroom availability. Certain re
strictions apply. Non-transferable and may not be redeemed for cash. Discount ma
y be used in conjunction with coupons and promotions. The value of this reward m
ay constitute taxable income to you. You may be issued an Internal Revenue Servi
ce Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) that reflects the value of such reward.
 Please consult your tax advisor, as neither we, Celebrity Cruises, nor our affi
liates, provide tax advice.Buy One Get One 50% off Specialty Dining offer. Must 
be booked 7 days prior to sailing by calling a Celebrity representative at 800-7
60-0654, and selecting option 2. Buy one cover charge at one of our specialty on
board restaurants at the regular price and get the second surcharge at half pric
e. Discount applies to restaurant cover charge only; all other charges will not 
be included in the discount. The offer can be redeemed once per voyage, unlimite
d times per year. Reservations are subject to space availability and are assigne
d on a first-come first-served basis. This offer cannot be combined with any oth
er discounts or offers for Specialty Dining. This benefit is not transferable an
d has no cash value. Must be booked using the Premium Celebrity Cruises Visa® cr
edit card and is only valid on Celebrity Cruises.Celebrity Anniversary Points. 1
0,000 anniversary MyCruise points will be posted to your account when you spend 
a minimum of $10,000 in Net Purchases within the anniversary year with your Cele
brity Cruises Visa® card. The value of this reward may constitute taxable income
 to you. You may be issued an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appro
priate form) that reflects the value of such reward. Please consult your tax adv
isor, as neither we, Celebrity Cruises, nor our affiliates, provide tax advice.1
0% Discount on Private Journeys. Must be booked 30 days prior to sailing by call
ing a Celebrity representative at 800-760-0654, and selecting option 2. A 10% Di
scount will be applied to the Private Journeys reservation at time of booking. A
dditional purchases made while on your Private Journeys excursion will not quali
fy for the 10% discount. Discount is applicable up to four (4) people on the sam
e tour. No refunds or changes to the booked Private Journeys excursion within on
e week of your sail date. Can be applied to an unlimited number of Private Journ
eys excursions per voyage, unlimited times per year. This benefit is not transfe
rable and has no cash value, and cannot be combined with any other discounts or 
offers for Private Journeys excursions. Must be booked using the Premium Celebri
ty Cruises Visa® credit card and is only valid on Celebrity Cruises.10% Discount
 on Premium Beverage Packages. Must be booked 7 days prior to sailing by calling
 a Celebrity representative at 800-760-0654, and selecting option 2. Offer is va
lid for alcoholic and non-alcoholic premium packages, and for all individuals in
 your stateroom, unlimited times per year. This benefit is not transferable, has
 no cash value, and cannot be combined with any other discounts or offers for Be
verage Packages. Must be booked using the Premium Celebrity Cruises Visa® credit
 card and is only valid on Celebrity Cruises. Visit celebritycruises.com/beverag
epackages for complete package details.   Flights by CelebritySM $50 Discount. C
ardholders receive $50 off an airline ticket purchased through Celebrity's Fligh
ts by CelebritySM air reservation program. The discount is issued upon approval 
of new Visa Signature® or Platinum Plus® accounts and on each anniversary therea
fter. A letter will be sent to you by mail upon qualification with instructions 
on how to redeem. The discount will expire 18 months from issue date. The $50 di
scount will be credited to your reservation after final payment on your cruise r
eservation (which is typically within 45 days of your sailing date). Flights by 
Celebrity air travel must be booked in connection with a Celebrity Cruises cruis
e reservation. Visit celebritycruises.com/flights-by-celebrity for full Flights 
by Celebrity terms and conditions. Federal law prohibits students from receiving
 a premium. The Flights by Celebrity benefit applies to Visa Signature® or Plati
num Plus® accounts with an annual fee.   Mobile Banking. Mobile Banking requires
 that you download the Mobile Banking app and is only available for select mobil
e devices. Message and data rates may apply.Alerts. You may elect to receive ale
rts via text or email. Bank of America does not charge for this service but your
 mobile carrier's message and data rates may apply. Delivery of alerts may be af
fected or delayed by your mobile carrier's coverage.   $0 Liability Guarantee. T
he $0 Liability Guarantee covers fraudulent transactions made by others using yo
ur account. To be covered, don’t share personal or account information with anyo
ne. Claims may only be filed by the accountholder against posted and settled tra
nsactions subject to dollar limits and verification, including providing request
ed information supporting fraudulent use claim.   FICO® Score Program. The FICO®
 Score Program is for educational purposes and for your non-commercial, personal
 use. This benefit is available only for primary cardholders with an open and ac
tive consumer credit card account who have a FICO® Score available. The feature 
is accessible through Online Banking, the Mobile website, and the Mobile Banking
 app for iPhone and Android devices. FICO is a registered trademark of Fair Isaa
c Corporation in the United States and other countries. Data connection required
. Wireless carrier fees may apply.   Text Banking. Bank of America does not char
ge for Text Banking. However, your mobile service provider may charge for sendin
g and receiving text messages on your mobile phone. Check with your service prov
ider for details on specific fees and charges that may apply.   Card Benefits. C
ertain restrictions apply to each benefit. Platinum Plus® card benefits differ f
rom Visa Signature® card benefits (i.e., coverage amounts vary and some benefits
 are not available). Details accompany new account materials.   Overdraft Protec
tion. Overdraft transfers to your eligible Bank of America deposit account from 
your credit card account will be Bank Cash Advances under your Credit Card Agree
ment. Transfers will be subject to the terms of both your Credit Card Agreement 
and the account agreement(s) and disclosures governing your Bank of America depo
sit account. If you link your Bank of America deposit account to your credit car
d for Overdraft Protection, we will automatically transfer funds in multiples of
 $100 from your credit card account to cover any overdraft on your deposit accou
nt, as long as the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card acco
unt is sufficient and you are not in default under your Credit Card Agreement. A
 fee of $12 will apply for each transaction. The fee will not be assessed if you
r deposit account is overdrawn by a total amount less than $12, after we finish 
processing for the day. The Bank Cash Advance will accrue interest at the APR st
ated in your Credit Card Agreement. Overdraft Protection transfers incur interes
t charges from the transaction date. If the portion of credit available for cash
 on your credit card account is insufficient to cover the amount required by the
 overdraft (in the multiple of funds stated above), we may advance the funds eve
n if it causes your credit card account to exceed your Cash Credit Line. Linking
 Overdraft Protection from your Bank of America credit card to your Bank of Amer
ica deposit account will end any other Overdraft Protection connections to your 
deposit account. Please see your Credit Card Agreement for additional details.  
  BALANCE TRANSFERS If the total amount you request exceeds your Total Credit Li
ne, we may send full or partial payment to your creditors in the order you provi
de them to us. Allow at least 2 weeks from account opening for processing. Conti
nue paying each creditor until the transfer appears as a credit. Balance Transfe
rs incur interest charges from the transaction date. If you revolve your balance
 to take advantage of a promotional or introductory offer, all transactions and 
balances, including purchases, will be charged interest. The Balance Transfer fe
e is 3% of the amount of the transaction (min. $10). If you have a dispute with 
a creditor and pay that balance by transferring it to your new account, you may 
lose certain dispute rights. Balance Transfers may not be used to pay off or pay
 down any account issued by Bank of America, N.A. or its affiliates.        The 
information in this offer is updated regularly, but may have changed since the l
ast update. The Bank of America® Privacy Notice is available at bankofamerica.co
m/privacy and accompanies the Credit Card Agreement.   This credit card program 
is issued and administered by Bank of America, N.A. Any account opened in respon
se to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carol
ina. Deposit products and services are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and aff
iliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Cor
poration. Visa and Visa Signature are registered trademarks of Visa Internationa
l Service Association, and are used by the issuer pursuant to license from Visa 
U.S.A. Inc. Platinum Plus, Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are regi
stered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation. Royal Caribbean®, Celebrity Cr
uises®, Azamara Club Cruises®, MyCruise® Rewards and MyCruise® Points are regist
ered trademarks of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. ©2018 Bank of America Corporatio
n