†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information   Account terms are not guarant
eed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transacti
ons, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law 
based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategi
es, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are full
y informed about the terms of this credit card offer.     Interest Rates and Int
erest Charges       Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases    0% Introductor
y APR for the first 12 Statement Closing Dates following the opening of your acc
ount.After that, your APR will be 16.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthine
ss when you open your account. This APR will vary with the market based on the P
rime Rate.     APR for Balance Transfers    16.49% to 24.49%, based on your cred
itworthiness when you open your account.After that, your APR will vary with the 
market based on the Prime Rate.     APR for Cash Advances   19.49% to 26.49%, ba
sed on your creditworthiness when you open your account, for Direct Deposit and 
Check Cash Advances, and26.49% for Bank Cash Advances. See footnote Footnote  1 
for explanation.These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.   
  Penalty APRand When it Applies   Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be appli
ed to new transactions on your account if you:    • Make a late payment.How Long
 Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If your APRs are increased, the Penalty APR will a
pply indefinitely.     How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases   Your due date
 is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge y
ou any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each
 month.     Minimum Interest Charge   If you are charged interest, the charge wi
ll be no less than $1.50.     For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial P
rotection Bureau   To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or 
using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bure
au at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore     Please see the next page for 
a continuation of the Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information.     Fees 
      Annual Fee   None     Transaction Fees           • Purchase   Purchase of 
a wire transfer from a non-financial institution: Either $10 or 5% of the amount
 of each transaction, whichever is greater.       • Balance Transfer   Either $1
0 or 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater.       • Cash Ad
vance   Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances:  Either $10 or 3% of the amount 
of each transaction, whichever is greater.ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online
 and Cash Equivalent Cash Advances:Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transa
ction, whichever is greater. Overdraft Protection Cash Advance (if enrolled): $1
2 for each transaction.       • Foreign Transaction   None     Penalty Fees     
      • Late Payment   Up to $38       • Returned Payment   Up to $27       How 
We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called “average daily balance (i
ncluding new purchases).”Payments are allocated to posted balances. If your acco
unt has balances with different APRs, we will allocate the amount of your paymen
t equal to the Total Minimum Payment Due to the lowest APR balances first. Payme
nt amounts in excess of your Total Minimum Payment Due will be applied to balanc
es with higher APRs before balances with lower APRs.1 Bank Cash Advances include
 ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online, Overdraft Protection and Cash Equivalen
t (money orders, foreign currency, travelers checks, or to obtain cash, from a n
on-financial institution, or person-to-person money transfers, bets, lottery tic
kets purchased outside the United States, casino gaming chips and bail bonds) Ca
sh Advances. More Information about Penalty Fees and Penalty APRPenalty Fees: If
 your Total Minimum Payment Due is not received by your Payment Due Date, a Late
 Payment Fee of $27 will be assessed; $38 for subsequent occurrences that are wi
thin 6 billing cycles of a previous occurrence. However, the Late Payment Fee wi
ll not exceed the total minimum payment that was due. If your balance is $100 or
 less on the Payment Due Date, we will not assess a Late Payment Fee. The Return
ed Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that was due. Penalty A
PR: Your Penalty APR will not exceed 29.99% on new transactions. There is no Pen
alty APR on existing balances.Prime Rate: The Variable APRs above are based on t
he current Prime Rate of 4.75%.       CONDITIONS      By submitting this applica
tion, you: (1) acknowledge that you have reviewed the credit card Terms and Cond
itions; and (2) agree to submit your application for this credit card subject to
 those Terms and Conditions. The words “you” and “your” apply to each person who
 submits the application. You have read the accompanying application, and you af
firm that everything you have stated is true and complete. You are at least 18 y
ears of age or you are at least 21 years of age if a permanent resident of Puert
o Rico. You authorize Bank of America, N.A. (hereinafter “we”, “us” or “our”) to
 obtain your credit report(s), employment history and any other information in o
rder to approve or decline this application, service your account, and manage ou
r relationship with you. If you ask, we will tell you the name and address of an
y consumer reporting agency that provided such report(s) to us. You consent to o
ur sharing of information about you and your account with the organization, if a
ny, endorsing this credit card program. You authorize us to share with others, t
o the extent permitted by law, such information and our credit experience with y
ou. In addition, you may as a customer later indicate a preference to exempt you
r account from some of the information-sharing with other companies (“opt-out”).
 If you accept or use an account, you do so subject to the terms of this applica
tion, the “Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information” and the Credit Card 
Agreement, as it may be amended; you also agree to pay and/or to be held jointly
 and severally liable for all charges incurred under such terms. Any changes you
 make to the terms of this application will have no effect. You understand that 
if your application is approved with a credit line that is greater than or equal
 to $5,000, you will receive a Visa Signature® account; if your credit line is l
ess than $5,000, you will receive a Platinum Plus® account. The benefits for Pla
tinum Plus® accounts differ from Visa Signature® accounts. You also understand t
hat the Annual Percentage Rate you receive will be determined based on your cred
itworthiness. You understand that only a portion of your Total Credit Line will 
be available for Bank Cash Advances. You also understand that if you have existi
ng credit card accounts with Bank of America, we may utilize the available credi
t on the existing account(s) to approve your new credit card which could include
 moving credit from an account with a lower annual percentage rate and/or fee st
ructure to a higher annual percentage rate and/or fee structure without increasi
ng your overall credit limit. You accept that on a periodic basis your account m
ay be considered for automatic upgrade at our discretion. You consent to and aut
horize us, any of our affiliates, or our marketing associates to monitor and/or 
record any of your phone conversations with any of our representatives. You furt
her consent to our use of automatic dialers, text, or prerecorded messages for s
ervicing your account even if the telephone number is a mobile telephone number 
for which the called party is charged. If additional development is necessary ba
sed on the application information provided, we will make every attempt to conta
ct you.     FEATURES     Bank of America® Travel Rewards Program Information. Ho
w You Earn Points: You earn points when you use your card to make purchases, min
us returns, credits and adjustments (“Net Purchases”). The following transaction
s are not considered Net Purchases and will not earn points: Balance Transfers a
nd Cash Advances (each as defined in your Credit Card Agreement), fees, interest
 charges, fraudulent transactions and certain other charges. Unlimited 1.5 Point
s: Earn 1.5 points (base points) for every $1 of Net Purchases charged to the ca
rd each billing cycle. Bonus Points At The Travel Center: Earn 3 points (consist
ing of 1.5 bonus points and 1.5 base points) for every $1 in Net Purchases, excl
uding insurance purchases, made through the Travel Center, with no limit on the 
number of bonus points you can earn. 10% Customer Points Bonus: A 10% Customer P
oints Bonus will be added to the base points you earn on every purchase if eithe
r the primary or co-applicant has an active consumer (non-business) checking, sa
vings or individual retirement account with Bank of America, N.A. (“qualifying a
ccount”), or is a client of Merrill Edge®, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner &amp; S
mith Incorporated or U.S. Trust (excluding 401(k) or other employer sponsored pl
ans and 529 plans). To earn the Customer Points Bonus, your qualifying account m
ust be open and maintain a balance at all times or have had a deposit in the pre
vious 90 days. It may take up to 45 days to begin earning the Customer Points Bo
nus on purchases when you open a qualifying account. Account-opening bonuses are
 excluded from the Customer Points Bonus. How You Use Your Points: Redeem points
 for a travel credit or cash reward starting at 2,500 points; gift card redempti
ons start at 3,125 points. How Your Travel Credit Works: A travel credit is appl
ied as a statement credit to your account to offset travel purchases from qualif
ying merchants in these travel-related categories: airlines, hotels, motels, tim
eshares, trailer parks, motor home and recreational vehicle rentals, campgrounds
, car rental agencies, truck and trailer rental, cruise lines, travel agencies, 
tour operators and real estate agents, operators of passenger trains, buses, tax
is, limousines, ferries, boat rentals, parking lots and garages, tolls and bridg
e fees, tourist attractions and exhibits like art galleries, amusement parks, ca
rnivals, circuses, aquariums, zoos and the like. Purchases from some merchants t
hat provide travel-related goods and services will not be eligible for a travel 
credit, like in-flight goods and services, and duty-free airport purchases. Qual
ifying travel purchases are eligible for a travel credit for 12 months from the 
posting date. Each point redeemed for a travel credit is worth $0.01 (2,500 poin
ts = $25). How Your Cash Rewards And Gift Cards Work: Cash rewards are redeemed 
for a check or electronic deposit into a Bank of America® checking or savings ac
count or a contribution to an eligible Cash Management Account® with Merrill Lyn
ch Wealth Management® or Merrill Edge®. Each point redeemed for cash is worth $0
.006 (2,500 points = $15). The redemption value for gift cards varies. Points Ex
piration: As long as your account remains in good standing, points do not expire
. Points Forfeiture: If the owner(s) of the card account voluntarily closes the 
card account, or if for any reason we close the card account, any unredeemed poi
nts associated with the account are subject to immediate forfeiture, unless spec
ifically authorized by us. Rewards Program Rules: Program Rules containing addit
ional terms of your credit card rewards program will be sent to you with your ne
w account materials. Other significant terms apply. Program subject to change.  
 Bonus Points Offer. You will qualify for 20,000 bonus points if you use your ne
w credit card account to make any combination of Purchase transactions totaling 
at least $1,000 (exclusive of any fees, returns and adjustments) that post to yo
ur account within 90 days of the account open date. Limit 1 bonus points offer p
er new account. This one-time promotion is limited to customers opening a new ac
count in response to this offer and will not apply to requests to convert existi
ng accounts. Other advertised promotional bonus points offers can vary from this
 promotion and may not be substituted. Allow 8-12 weeks from qualifying for the 
bonus points to post to your rewards balance. The value of this reward may const
itute taxable income to you. You may be issued an Internal Revenue Service Form 
1099 (or other appropriate form) that reflects the value of such reward. Please 
consult your tax advisor, as neither we, nor our affiliates, provide tax advice.
   Mobile Banking. Mobile Banking requires that you download the Mobile Banking 
app and is only available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may 
apply.Alerts. You may elect to receive alerts via text or email. Bank of America
 does not charge for this service but your mobile carrier's message and data rat
es may apply. Delivery of alerts may be affected or delayed by your mobile carri
er's coverage.   $0 Liability Guarantee. The $0 Liability Guarantee covers fraud
ulent transactions made by others using your account. To be covered, don’t share
 personal or account information with anyone. Claims may only be filed by the ac
countholder against posted and settled transactions subject to dollar limits and
 verification, including providing requested information supporting fraudulent u
se claim.   FICO® Score Program. The FICO® Score Program is for educational purp
oses and for your non-commercial, personal use. This benefit is available only f
or primary cardholders with an open and active consumer credit card account who 
have a FICO® Score available. The feature is accessible through Online Banking, 
the Mobile website, and the Mobile Banking app for iPhone and Android devices. F
ICO is a registered trademark of Fair Isaac Corporation in the United States and
 other countries. Data connection required. Wireless carrier fees may apply.   T
ext Banking. Bank of America does not charge for Text Banking. However, your mob
ile service provider may charge for sending and receiving text messages on your 
mobile phone. Check with your service provider for details on specific fees and 
charges that may apply.   Card Benefits. Certain restrictions apply to each bene
fit. Platinum Plus® card benefits differ from Visa Signature® card benefits (i.e
., coverage amounts vary and some benefits are not available). Details accompany
 new account materials.   Overdraft Protection. Overdraft transfers to your elig
ible Bank of America deposit account from your credit card account will be Bank 
Cash Advances under your Credit Card Agreement. Transfers will be subject to the
 terms of both your Credit Card Agreement and the account agreement(s) and discl
osures governing your Bank of America deposit account. If you link your Bank of 
America deposit account to your credit card for Overdraft Protection, we will au
tomatically transfer funds in multiples of $100 from your credit card account to
 cover any overdraft on your deposit account, as long as the portion of credit a
vailable for cash on your credit card account is sufficient and you are not in d
efault under your Credit Card Agreement. A fee of $12 will apply for each transa
ction. The fee will not be assessed if your deposit account is overdrawn by a to
tal amount less than $12, after we finish processing for the day. The Bank Cash 
Advance will accrue interest at the APR stated in your Credit Card Agreement. Ov
erdraft Protection transfers incur interest charges from the transaction date. I
f the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card account is insuff
icient to cover the amount required by the overdraft (in the multiple of funds s
tated above), we may advance the funds even if it causes your credit card accoun
t to exceed your Cash Credit Line. Linking Overdraft Protection from your Bank o
f America credit card to your Bank of America deposit account will end any other
 Overdraft Protection connections to your deposit account. Please see your Credi
t Card Agreement for additional details.    BALANCE TRANSFERS If the total amoun
t you request exceeds your Total Credit Line, we may send full or partial paymen
t to your creditors in the order you provide them to us. Allow at least 2 weeks 
from account opening for processing. Continue paying each creditor until the tra
nsfer appears as a credit. Balance Transfers incur interest charges from the tra
nsaction date. If you revolve your balance to take advantage of a promotional or
 introductory offer, all transactions and balances, including purchases, will be
 charged interest. The Balance Transfer fee is 3% of the amount of the transacti
on (min. $10). If you have a dispute with a creditor and pay that balance by tra
nsferring it to your new account, you may lose certain dispute rights. Balance T
ransfers may not be used to pay off or pay down any account issued by Bank of Am
erica, N.A. or its affiliates.        The information in this offer is updated r
egularly, but may have changed since the last update. The Bank of America® Priva
cy Notice is available at bankofamerica.com/privacy and accompanies the Credit C
ard Agreement.   This credit card program is issued and administered by Bank of 
America, N.A. Any account opened in response to this application shall be govern
ed by the laws of the State of North Carolina. Deposit products and services are
 provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly
 owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. The rewards program is manag
ed in part by independent third parties, the State Seller of Travel registration
 numbers for Orbitz, LLC in the states that require registration are: California
 CST 2063530-50 (registration as a seller of travel does not constitute approval
 by the State of California). This Seller of Travel is not a participant in the 
California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund. California law requires certain sel
lers of travel to have a trust account or bond. This business has a bond issued 
by Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland in the amount of $50,000. Washington
: 602 108 724. Visa and Visa Signature are registered trademarks of Visa Interna
tional Service Association, and are used by the issuer pursuant to license from 
Visa U.S.A. Inc. Platinum Plus, Merrill Edge, Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, C
ash Management Account, U.S. Trust, Bank of America and the Bank of America logo
 are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation. All other company and
 product names and logos are the property of others and their use does not imply
 endorsement of, or an association with, the rewards program. ©2018 Bank of Amer
ica Corporation