†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information   Account terms are not guarant
eed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transacti
ons, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law 
based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategi
es, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are full
y informed about the terms of this credit card offer.     Interest Rates and Int
erest Charges       Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases    16.49% to 24.4
9%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account.After that, your A
PR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     APR for Balance Transf
ers    16.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your accou
nt.After that, your APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     A
PR for Cash Advances   19.49% to 26.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you
 open your account, for Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances, and26.49% for Ba
nk Cash Advances. See footnote Footnote  1 for explanation.These APRs will vary 
with the market based on the Prime Rate.     Penalty APRand When it Applies   Up
 to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.This APR will vary with the market ba
sed on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied to new transactions on your accoun
t if you:    • Make a late payment.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If your
 APRs are increased, the Penalty APR will apply indefinitely.     How to Avoid P
aying Interest on Purchases   Your due date is at least 25 days after the close 
of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you p
ay your entire balance by the due date each month.     Minimum Interest Charge  
 If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $1.50.     For Cre
dit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau   To learn more abou
t factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the websit
e of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/
learnmore     Please see the next page for a continuation of the Details of Rate
, Fee and Other Cost Information.     Fees       Annual Fee   NOTICE: The annual
 fee is scheduled to be assessed before you begin using your card and will reduc
e the amount of credit you initially have available. For example, if you are ass
igned the minimum credit limit of $500, your initial available credit will be on
ly about $410.$90     Transaction Fees           • Purchase   Purchase of a wire
 transfer from a non-financial institution: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of ea
ch transaction, whichever is greater.       • Balance Transfer   Either $10 or 3
% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater.       • Cash Advance 
  Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances:  Either $10 or 3% of the amount of eac
h transaction, whichever is greater.ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online and C
ash Equivalent Cash Advances:Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction,
 whichever is greater. Overdraft Protection Cash Advance (if enrolled): $12 for 
each transaction.       • Foreign Transaction   None     Penalty Fees           
• Late Payment   Up to $38       • Returned Payment   Up to $27       How We Wil
l Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called “average daily balance (includi
ng new purchases).”Payments are allocated to posted balances. If your account ha
s balances with different APRs, we will allocate the amount of your payment equa
l to the Total Minimum Payment Due to the lowest APR balances first. Payment amo
unts in excess of your Total Minimum Payment Due will be applied to balances wit
h higher APRs before balances with lower APRs.1 Bank Cash Advances include ATM, 
Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online, Overdraft Protection and Cash Equivalent (mon
ey orders, foreign currency, travelers checks, or to obtain cash, from a non-fin
ancial institution, or person-to-person money transfers, bets, lottery tickets p
urchased outside the United States, casino gaming chips and bail bonds) Cash Adv
ances. More Information about Penalty Fees and Penalty APRPenalty Fees: If your 
Total Minimum Payment Due is not received by your Payment Due Date, a Late Payme
nt Fee of $27 will be assessed; $38 for subsequent occurrences that are within 6
 billing cycles of a previous occurrence. However, the Late Payment Fee will not
 exceed the total minimum payment that was due. If your balance is $100 or less 
on the Payment Due Date, we will not assess a Late Payment Fee. The Returned Pay
ment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that was due. Penalty APR: Yo
ur Penalty APR will not exceed 29.99% on new transactions. There is no Penalty A
PR on existing balances.Prime Rate: The Variable APRs above are based on the cur
rent Prime Rate of 4.75%.       CONDITIONS      By submitting this application, 
you: (1) acknowledge that you have reviewed the credit card Terms and Conditions
; and (2) agree to submit your application for this credit card subject to those
 Terms and Conditions. The words “you” and “your” apply to each person who submi
ts the application. You have read the accompanying application, and you affirm t
hat everything you have stated is true and complete. You are at least 18 years o
f age or you are at least 21 years of age if a permanent resident of Puerto Rico
. You authorize Bank of America, N.A. (hereinafter “we”, “us” or “our”) to obtai
n your credit report(s), employment history and any other information in order t
o approve or decline this application, service your account, and manage our rela
tionship with you. If you ask, we will tell you the name and address of any cons
umer reporting agency that provided such report(s) to us. You consent to our sha
ring of information about you and your account with the organization, if any, en
dorsing this credit card program. You authorize us to share with others, to the 
extent permitted by law, such information and our credit experience with you. In
 addition, you may as a customer later indicate a preference to exempt your acco
unt from some of the information-sharing with other companies (“opt-out”). If yo
u accept or use an account, you do so subject to the terms of this application, 
the “Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information” and the Credit Card Agreem
ent, as it may be amended; you also agree to pay and/or to be held jointly and s
everally liable for all charges incurred under such terms. Any changes you make 
to the terms of this application will have no effect. You understand that the An
nual Percentage Rate you receive will be determined based on your creditworthine
ss. You understand that only a portion of your Total Credit Line will be availab
le for Bank Cash Advances. You also understand that if you have existing credit 
card accounts with Bank of America, we may utilize the available credit on the e
xisting account(s) to approve your new credit card which could include moving cr
edit from an account with a lower annual percentage rate and/or fee structure to
 a higher annual percentage rate and/or fee structure without increasing your ov
erall credit limit. You accept that on a periodic basis your account may be cons
idered for automatic upgrade at our discretion. You consent to and authorize us,
 any of our affiliates, or our marketing associates to monitor and/or record any
 of your phone conversations with any of our representatives. You further consen
t to our use of automatic dialers, text, or prerecorded messages for servicing y
our account even if the telephone number is a mobile telephone number for which 
the called party is charged. If additional development is necessary based on the
 application information provided, we will make every attempt to contact you.   
  FEATURES     Virgin Atlantic® World Elite Mastercard® Program Summary. If you 
are not a current member of the Virgin Atlantic® Airways Flying Club Program, yo
u will automatically be enrolled upon card approval. How You Earn Flying Club Mi
les: You earn miles when you use your card to make purchases, minus returns, cre
dits and adjustments (“Net Purchases”). The following transactions are not consi
dered Net Purchases and will not earn miles: Balance Transfers and Cash Advances
 (each as defined in your Credit Card Agreement), fees, interest charges, fraudu
lent transactions and certain other charges. 1.5 Flying Club Miles: Earn 1.5 mil
es (base miles) for every $1 of Net Purchases charged to the card each billing c
ycle. 3 Flying Club Miles: Earn 3 miles (consisting of 1.5 bonus miles and 1.5 b
ase miles) for every $1 in Net Purchases of Virgin Atlantic Airways tickets and 
duty free items purchased directly from Virgin Atlantic Airways. The purchase of
 Flying Club miles does not qualify for bonus miles. Please allow approximately 
four to six weeks for miles to be credited to your Flying Club account. Bonus Mi
les Processing: Merchants are assigned a merchant category code (MCC) based upon
 the merchant's primary line of business. We do not determine which MCC a mercha
nt chooses to classify itself. We group similar MCCs into Bonus Categories to he
lp you earn bonus rewards on purchases made at specific merchants. Your purchase
 may not qualify to receive the bonus earn rate if the merchant does not process
 transactions under the MCC that corresponds with the Bonus Category, or your pu
rchase is processed through a third-party payment account, mobile/wireless card 
reader, digital wallet not supported by Bank of America or similar technology wh
ere the technology does not support transmission of MCCs. For those Net Purchase
s, you will earn 1.5 base miles per dollar.Bonus Flying Club Miles: You will rec
eive 20,000 miles after your first Net Purchase transaction made with your card.
 7,500 anniversary miles will be posted to your Flying Club account after you sp
end a minimum of $15,000 in Net Purchases within the anniversary year with your 
card. An additional 7,500 anniversary miles will be awarded after you spend a to
tal of $25,000 in Net Purchases within the anniversary year with your card. Earn
ed Anniversary miles will be posted to your Flying Club account each year within
 four to six weeks of the anniversary of your card's open date. The value of the
se rewards may constitute taxable income to you. You may be issued an Internal R
evenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) that reflects the value of 
such rewards. Please consult your tax advisor, as neither we, nor our affiliates
, provide tax advice. How You Use Your Miles: Earned miles can be redeemed for f
lights and upgrades with Virgin Atlantic and Virgin Atlantic's network of partne
rs. Visit virginatlantic.com/flyingclub to learn more about miles and rules abou
t redemption. Tier Points: You will earn 25 tier points for every $2,500 spent o
n Net Purchases with the card. A maximum of 50 tier points can be earned per mon
th. A maximum of 600 tier points can be earned per year. Visit virginatlantic.co
m/plastic Q&amp;A's for a more detailed explanation. Authorized User Miles: You 
will receive 2,500 miles for each of the first two authorized users added to you
r card. As the primary cardholder you are responsible for all account activity i
ncurred by additional users of your card, in accordance with your Credit Card Ag
reement. The value of this reward may constitute taxable income to you. You may 
be issued an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) that
 reflects the value of such reward. Please consult your tax advisor, as neither 
we, nor our affiliates, provide tax advice. Economy Companion Reward Ticket: If 
you spend at least $25,000 in Net Purchases using your card within a year (begin
ning on the date you open your account and continuing for every 12 month period 
thereafter), the primary cardholder will also qualify for an Economy companion r
eward ticket for half the standard miles of a reward economy seat, maximum one r
eward companion ticket per year. You must pay flight related taxes, fees and cha
rges relating to the complimentary reward flight. These will vary according to t
he qualifying destination, and are subject to change as a result of fluctuations
 in taxes, airport levies and exchange rates. Both travelers must be on the same
 flights and travel itinerary. Flights and routes are subject to availability. T
o qualify for the companion reward, the initial ticket must be a Virgin Atlantic
 reward ticket purchased by redeeming the relevant miles. Notification of the co
mpanion reward will be on your Flying Club statement four to six weeks after rea
ching the $25,000 spend threshold. The reward companion ticket must be redeemed 
within one year of issue. Please note that the annual fee is not billed as a pur
chase and will not be considered in any of the purchase amount thresholds descri
bed in this disclosure. The value of this reward may constitute taxable income t
o you. You may be issued an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropr
iate form) that reflects the value of such reward. Please consult your tax advis
or, as neither we, nor our affiliates, provide tax advice. Miles Expiration and 
Forfeiture: See virginatlantic.com/flyingclub for the Terms and Conditions that 
address miles expiration and forfeiture. Rewards Program Rules: The Virgin Atlan
tic Airways Flying Club Program is offered and administered by Virgin Atlantic A
irways and is not a product or program of Bank of America. All Flying Club Progr
am terms and conditions apply. Visit virginatlantic.com/flyingclub for complete 
Flying Club Program details. Any questions or disputes regarding the earning and
 redemption of miles must be directed to Flying Club Customer Service. Your cred
it card Program Rules containing additional details will be sent to you with you
r new account materials. Other significant terms apply. Program subject to chang
e.   Mobile Banking. Mobile Banking requires that you download the Mobile Bankin
g app and is only available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates ma
y apply.Alerts. You may elect to receive alerts via text or email. Bank of Ameri
ca does not charge for this service but your mobile carrier's message and data r
ates may apply. Delivery of alerts may be affected or delayed by your mobile car
rier's coverage.   $0 Liability Guarantee. The $0 Liability Guarantee covers fra
udulent transactions made by others using your account. To be covered, don’t sha
re personal or account information with anyone. Claims may only be filed by the 
accountholder against posted and settled transactions subject to dollar limits a
nd verification, including providing requested information supporting fraudulent
 use claim.   FICO® Score Program. The FICO® Score Program is for educational pu
rposes and for your non-commercial, personal use. This benefit is available only
 for primary cardholders with an open and active consumer credit card account wh
o have a FICO® Score available. The feature is accessible through Online Banking
, the Mobile website, and the Mobile Banking app for iPhone and Android devices.
 FICO is a registered trademark of Fair Isaac Corporation in the United States a
nd other countries. Data connection required. Wireless carrier fees may apply.  
 Text Banking. Bank of America does not charge for Text Banking. However, your m
obile service provider may charge for sending and receiving text messages on you
r mobile phone. Check with your service provider for details on specific fees an
d charges that may apply.   Card Benefits. Certain restrictions apply to each be
nefit. Details accompany new account materials.   Overdraft Protection. Overdraf
t transfers to your eligible Bank of America deposit account from your credit ca
rd account will be Bank Cash Advances under your Credit Card Agreement. Transfer
s will be subject to the terms of both your Credit Card Agreement and the accoun
t agreement(s) and disclosures governing your Bank of America deposit account. I
f you link your Bank of America deposit account to your credit card for Overdraf
t Protection, we will automatically transfer funds in multiples of $100 from you
r credit card account to cover any overdraft on your deposit account, as long as
 the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card account is suffici
ent and you are not in default under your Credit Card Agreement. A fee of $12 wi
ll apply for each transaction. The fee will not be assessed if your deposit acco
unt is overdrawn by a total amount less than $12, after we finish processing for
 the day. The Bank Cash Advance will accrue interest at the APR stated in your C
redit Card Agreement. Overdraft Protection transfers incur interest charges from
 the transaction date. If the portion of credit available for cash on your credi
t card account is insufficient to cover the amount required by the overdraft (in
 the multiple of funds stated above), we may advance the funds even if it causes
 your credit card account to exceed your Cash Credit Line. Linking Overdraft Pro
tection from your Bank of America credit card to your Bank of America deposit ac
count will end any other Overdraft Protection connections to your deposit accoun
t. Please see your Credit Card Agreement for additional details.    BALANCE TRAN
SFERS If the total amount you request exceeds your Total Credit Line, we may sen
d full or partial payment to your creditors in the order you provide them to us.
 Allow at least 2 weeks from account opening for processing. Continue paying eac
h creditor until the transfer appears as a credit. Balance Transfers incur inter
est charges from the transaction date. If you revolve your balance to take advan
tage of a promotional or introductory offer, all transactions and balances, incl
uding purchases, will be charged interest. The Balance Transfer fee is 3% of the
 amount of the transaction (min. $10). If you have a dispute with a creditor and
 pay that balance by transferring it to your new account, you may lose certain d
ispute rights. Balance Transfers may not be used to pay off or pay down any acco
unt issued by Bank of America, N.A. or its affiliates.        The information in
 this offer is updated regularly, but may have changed since the last update. Th
e Bank of America® Privacy Notice is available at bankofamerica.com/privacy and 
accompanies the Credit Card Agreement.   This credit card program is issued and 
administered by Bank of America, N.A. Any account opened in response to this app
lication shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina. Deposit p
roducts and services are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks,
 Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Mast
ercard and World Elite Mastercard are registered trademarks of Mastercard Intern
ational Incorporated, and are used by the issuer pursuant to license. Bank of Am
erica is a registered trademark of Bank of America Corporation. ©2018 Bank of Am
erica Corporation