†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information   Account terms are not guarant
eed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transacti
ons, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law 
based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategi
es, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are full
y informed about the terms of this credit card offer.     Interest Rates and Int
erest Charges       Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases    16.49% to 24.4
9%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account.After that, your A
PR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     APR for Balance Transf
ers    16.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your accou
nt.After that, your APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     A
PR for Cash Advances   19.49% to 26.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you
 open your account, for Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances, and26.49% for Ba
nk Cash Advances. See footnote Footnote  1 for explanation.These APRs will vary 
with the market based on the Prime Rate.     Penalty APRand When it Applies   Up
 to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.This APR will vary with the market ba
sed on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied to new transactions on your accoun
t if you:    • Make a late payment.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If your
 APRs are increased, the Penalty APR will apply indefinitely.     How to Avoid P
aying Interest on Purchases   Your due date is at least 25 days after the close 
of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you p
ay your entire balance by the due date each month.     Minimum Interest Charge  
 If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $1.50.     For Cre
dit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau   To learn more abou
t factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the websit
e of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/
learnmore     Please see the next page for a continuation of the Details of Rate
, Fee and Other Cost Information.     Fees       Annual Fee   $75 for Visa Signa
ture® accounts, or$50 for Platinum Plus® accounts.     Transaction Fees         
  • Purchase   Purchase of a wire transfer from a non-financial institution: Eit
her $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater.       • B
alance Transfer   Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever 
is greater.       • Cash Advance   Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances:  Eith
er $10 or 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater.ATM, Over-t
he-Counter, Same-Day Online and Cash Equivalent Cash Advances:Either $10 or 5% o
f the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater. Overdraft Protection Cas
h Advance (if enrolled): $12 for each transaction.       • Foreign Transaction  
 None     Penalty Fees           • Late Payment   Up to $38       • Returned Pay
ment   Up to $27       How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method calle
d “average daily balance (including new purchases).”Payments are allocated to po
sted balances. If your account has balances with different APRs, we will allocat
e the amount of your payment equal to the Total Minimum Payment Due to the lowes
t APR balances first. Payment amounts in excess of your Total Minimum Payment Du
e will be applied to balances with higher APRs before balances with lower APRs.1
 Bank Cash Advances include ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online, Overdraft Pr
otection and Cash Equivalent (money orders, foreign currency, travelers checks, 
or to obtain cash, from a non-financial institution, or person-to-person money t
ransfers, bets, lottery tickets purchased outside the United States, casino gami
ng chips and bail bonds) Cash Advances. More Information about Penalty Fees and 
Penalty APRPenalty Fees: If your Total Minimum Payment Due is not received by yo
ur Payment Due Date, a Late Payment Fee of $27 will be assessed; $38 for subsequ
ent occurrences that are within 6 billing cycles of a previous occurrence. Howev
er, the Late Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that was due.
 If your balance is $100 or less on the Payment Due Date, we will not assess a L
ate Payment Fee. The Returned Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum paym
ent that was due. Penalty APR: Your Penalty APR will not exceed 29.99% on new tr
ansactions. There is no Penalty APR on existing balances.Prime Rate: The Variabl
e APRs above are based on the current Prime Rate of 4.75%.       CONDITIONS     
 By submitting this application, you: (1) acknowledge that you have reviewed the
 credit card Terms and Conditions; and (2) agree to submit your application for 
this credit card subject to those Terms and Conditions. The words “you” and “you
r” apply to each person who submits the application. You have read the accompany
ing application, and you affirm that everything you have stated is true and comp
lete. You are at least 18 years of age or you are at least 21 years of age if a 
permanent resident of Puerto Rico. You authorize Bank of America, N.A. (hereinaf
ter “we”, “us” or “our”) to obtain your credit report(s), employment history and
 any other information in order to approve or decline this application, service 
your account, and manage our relationship with you. If you ask, we will tell you
 the name and address of any consumer reporting agency that provided such report
(s) to us. You consent to our sharing of information about you and your account 
with the organization, if any, endorsing this credit card program. You authorize
 us to share with others, to the extent permitted by law, such information and o
ur credit experience with you. In addition, you may as a customer later indicate
 a preference to exempt your account from some of the information-sharing with o
ther companies (“opt-out”). If you accept or use an account, you do so subject t
o the terms of this application, the “Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Inform
ation” and the Credit Card Agreement, as it may be amended; you also agree to pa
y and/or to be held jointly and severally liable for all charges incurred under 
such terms. Any changes you make to the terms of this application will have no e
ffect. You understand that if your application is approved with a credit line th
at is greater than or equal to $5,000, you will receive a Visa Signature® accoun
t; if your credit line is less than $5,000, you will receive a Platinum Plus® ac
count. The benefits and Annual Fees for Platinum Plus® accounts differ from Visa
 Signature® accounts. You also understand that the Annual Percentage Rate you re
ceive will be determined based on your creditworthiness. You understand that onl
y a portion of your Total Credit Line will be available for Bank Cash Advances. 
You also understand that if you have existing credit card accounts with Bank of 
America, we may utilize the available credit on the existing account(s) to appro
ve your new credit card which could include moving credit from an account with a
 lower annual percentage rate and/or fee structure to a higher annual percentage
 rate and/or fee structure without increasing your overall credit limit. You acc
ept that on a periodic basis your account may be considered for automatic upgrad
e at our discretion. You consent to and authorize us, any of our affiliates, or 
our marketing associates to monitor and/or record any of your phone conversation
s with any of our representatives. You further consent to our use of automatic d
ialers, text, or prerecorded messages for servicing your account even if the tel
ephone number is a mobile telephone number for which the called party is charged
. If additional development is necessary based on the application information pr
ovided, we will make every attempt to contact you.     FEATURES     Alaska Airli
nes Credit Card Program Summary. Although you may apply for the Alaska Airlines 
Visa Signature® credit card, based on our review of your credit card application
, including your income and credit history, you may be approved for a (1) Visa S
ignature® card or a (2) Platinum Plus® card (or you may not be approved for a ca
rd at all). Each credit card type described above has different Annual Fees, cos
ts, benefits and bonus miles which are described in these terms and conditions. 
Please read your credit card program rules and new account materials which will 
be mailed to you after your account is established. How You Earn Miles: You earn
 miles when you use your card to make purchases, minus returns, credits and adju
stments (“Net Purchases”). The following transactions are not considered Net Pur
chases and will not earn miles: Balance Transfers and Cash Advances (each as def
ined in your Credit Card Agreement), fees, interest charges, fraudulent transact
ions and certain other charges. 1 Mile: Earn 1 mile (base mile) for every $1 of 
Net Purchases charged to the card each billing cycle. 2 Miles:  Platinum Plus® a
ccounts earn 2 miles (consisting of 1 bonus mile and 1 base mile) for every $1 o
f eligible Alaska Airlines and Virgin America Net Purchases. 3 Miles: Visa Signa
ture accounts earn 3 miles (consisting of 2 bonus miles and 1 base mile) for eve
ry $1 of eligible Alaska Airlines and Virgin America Net Purchases. Eligible Ala
ska Airlines Net Purchases include Alaska Airlines tickets, in-flight food and b
everage purchases and cargo purchases billed by Alaska Airlines as the merchant 
of record and booked directly through Alaska Airlines. Eligible Virgin America N
et Purchases include Virgin America tickets including ancillary fees and Red in-
flight purchases billed by Virgin America as the merchant of record and booked d
irectly through Virgin America. Otherwise eligible Alaska Airlines and Virgin Am
erica Net Purchases made through a third-party merchant (e.g., travel agency, on
line merchant) will not earn 2 or 3 miles per dollar. Eligible Alaska Airlines V
acation Packages must be booked via the Alaska Airlines website or by calling th
e Alaska Airlines Vacation Packages toll free number listed on the website. All 
miles earned on the account will be credited to the primary cardholder's Alaska 
Airlines Mileage Plan™ account. Your card will be automatically enrolled in the 
Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan Dining Rewards program by Rewards Network and a Wel
come Kit will be sent to you explaining your restaurant dining earning opportuni
ties. Bonus Miles: Earn up to 5 miles (consisting of up to 4 bonus miles and 1 b
ase mile) per qualifying $1 spent on Net Purchases at select restaurants. Visit 
mileageplan.rewardsnetwork.com for a complete list of participating restaurants.
 Miles earned through the Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan Dining Rewards program wi
ll be posted to your Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan account. How You Use Your Mile
s: Earned miles can be redeemed for Alaska Airlines or Virgin America award trav
el and upgrades. Visit alaskaair.com to learn more about miles and rules about r
edemption. Annual Companion Fare Benefit: Visa Signature® primary cardholders wh
ose accounts are open and in good standing on their annual Account Anniversary d
ate will receive a Companion Fare code within the first 2 billing cycles after t
he Anniversary date each year which will be credited to their Alaska Airlines Mi
leage Plan™ account. The code is good for a round-trip coach Companion Fare on A
laska Airlines or Virgin America from $121 (USD) ($99 base fare plus taxes and f
ees, from $22 depending on your Alaska Airlines or Virgin America flight itinera
ry) when traveling with another passenger on a paid published coach airfare on t
he same itinerary, booked at the same time on alaskaair.com. Platinum Plus® Visa
® cardholders do not qualify for this benefit. The Companion Fare code must be r
edeemed at alaskaair.com within 12 months of the date of issue. Once ticketed, t
ravel may be completed after the expiration date of the Companion Fare code. The
 expiration date cannot be extended and, once your Companion Fare code has expir
ed, it cannot be exchanged. If your Account is closed, changed from an Alaska Ai
rlines Visa Signature Account to an account other than a Visa Signature Account 
or an Account with no annual fee, you are no longer eligible to receive this ben
efit. Mileage cannot be used as a form of payment, however mileage credit accrua
l is allowed for both passengers. The Companion Fare code is not valid with awar
d travel, and cannot be combined with any other airfare discounts. Passenger is 
responsible for all applicable taxes, fees, surcharges and applicable checked ba
ggage fees. Applicable taxes and fees are subject to change. Free Checked Bag Be
nefit: Primary cardholders of the Alaska Airlines Visa Signature® consumer credi
t card who have an open account at the time of travel and up to 6 passengers tra
veling on the same reservation may check 1 bag free of charge on qualifying rese
rvations. Qualifying reservations include flights marketed by Alaska Airlines an
d operated by Alaska Airlines, Virgin America, Horizon Air, SkyWest or PenAir (c
odeshare flights operated by other carriers are not eligible). Primary cardholde
r must be an Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan™ member. Baggage restrictions apply. S
ee alaskaair.com/freebagfaq for complete baggage rules. Payment with the Alaska 
Airlines Visa Signature® credit card is not required to qualify for this benefit
. Offer may not be applied retroactively, and no refunds will be issued. Not app
licable for passengers who already receive 1 or more free checked bags. New hold
ers of the Alaska Airlines Visa Signature card, and cardholders upgrading from a
nother Alaska Airlines credit card, will be eligible for this benefit approximat
ely 2-3 weeks after approval. Annual $50 Airfare Discount: Platinum Plus® cardho
lders whose accounts are open and in good standing on their annual Account Anniv
ersary date will receive a $50 Discount Code within 2 billing cycles after the A
nniversary date each year. The $50 Discount Code entitles the primary cardholder
 to up to $50 off a published base fare on Alaska Airlines or Virgin America rou
nd-trip or one way travel at alaskaair.com. Visa Signature® cardholders do not q
ualify for this benefit. The $50 Discount Code will be credited to the primary c
ardholder's Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan™ account approximately within the first
 2 billing cycles after the Anniversary date each year. One discount allowed per
 reservation. The Discount Code must be redeemed at alaskaair.com within 12 mont
hs of the date of issue. The expiration date is indicated next to the code in yo
ur MyAccount profile. Not applicable to Award Reservations, vacation packages, t
our or contract fares. Any Discount Code value remaining after purchase is forfe
ited. Mileage Plan credit applies and upgrades are allowed. Passenger is respons
ible for all applicable taxes, fees, surcharges and applicable checked baggage f
ees.  Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan Enrollment: If you are not a current Alaska A
irlines Mileage Plan member, Alaska Airlines will enroll you into the Alaska Air
lines Mileage Plan program when you become a cardholder. The Mileage Plan Progra
m is offered and administered by Alaska Airlines and is not a product or program
 of Bank of America. All Mileage Plan Program terms and conditions apply. Visit 
alaskaair.com for complete Mileage Plan Program details. See Alaska Airlines Mil
eage Plan Program Guidelines and Award Chart at alaskaair.com for details regard
ing award mileage requirements.  Miles Expiration: Miles are subject to expirati
on. See alaskaair.com for the Terms and Conditions that address miles expiration
. Miles Forfeiture: If a cardholder voluntarily closes the card, or if we close 
the card, any miles earned within the current billing period may be immediately 
forfeited unless specifically authorized by us. Rewards Program Rules:  Your cre
dit card Program Rules and a benefits brochure containing additional details wil
l be sent to you with your new account materials. Other significant terms apply.
 Program subject to change.   Bonus Miles, Companion Fare and Discount Code Offe
r. Visa Signature® cardholders who make any combination of Net Purchase transact
ions totaling at least $1,000 (exclusive of any fees, including the annual fee, 
returns and adjustments) that post to the account within 90 days of the account 
open date will qualify for 30,000 bonus miles and a round-trip coach Companion F
are on Alaska Airlines or Virgin America from $22 (USD) ($0 base fare plus taxes
 and fees, from $22 depending on your Alaska Airlines or Virgin America flight i
tinerary) when traveling with another passenger on a paid published coach airfar
e on the same itinerary, booked at the same time on alaskaair.com. Platinum Plus
® cardholders who make any combination of Net Purchase transactions totaling at 
least $1,000 (exclusive of any fees, including the annual fee, returns and adjus
tments) that post to the account within 90 days of the account open date will qu
alify for 5,000 bonus miles and a $50 Discount Code entitling the primary cardho
lder to up to $50 off a published base fare on Alaska Airlines or Virgin America
 round-trip or one way travel at alaskaair.com. The respective bonus miles and C
ompanion Fare Code or $50 Discount Code for each card will be credited to the pr
imary cardholder's Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan™ account approximately within th
e first 2 billing cycles after qualifying. See Annual Companion Fare Benefit or 
Annual $50 Airfare Discount sections for additional details. The value of this r
eward may constitute taxable income to you. You may be issued an Internal Revenu
e Service Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) that reflects the value of such 
reward. Please consult your tax advisor, as neither we, nor our affiliates, prov
ide tax advice.   Mobile Banking. Mobile Banking requires that you download the 
Mobile Banking app and is only available for select mobile devices. Message and 
data rates may apply.Alerts. You may elect to receive alerts via text or email. 
Bank of America does not charge for this service but your mobile carrier's messa
ge and data rates may apply. Delivery of alerts may be affected or delayed by yo
ur mobile carrier's coverage.   $0 Liability Guarantee. The $0 Liability Guarant
ee covers fraudulent transactions made by others using your account. To be cover
ed, don’t share personal or account information with anyone. Claims may only be 
filed by the accountholder against posted and settled transactions subject to do
llar limits and verification, including providing requested information supporti
ng fraudulent use claim.   FICO® Score Program. The FICO® Score Program is for e
ducational purposes and for your non-commercial, personal use. This benefit is a
vailable only for primary cardholders with an open and active consumer credit ca
rd account who have a FICO® Score available. The feature is accessible through O
nline Banking, the Mobile website, and the Mobile Banking app for iPhone and And
roid devices. FICO is a registered trademark of Fair Isaac Corporation in the Un
ited States and other countries. Data connection required. Wireless carrier fees
 may apply.   Text Banking. Bank of America does not charge for Text Banking. Ho
wever, your mobile service provider may charge for sending and receiving text me
ssages on your mobile phone. Check with your service provider for details on spe
cific fees and charges that may apply.   Card Benefits. Certain restrictions app
ly to each benefit. Platinum Plus® card benefits differ from Visa Signature® car
d benefits (i.e., coverage amounts vary and some benefits are not available). De
tails accompany new account materials.   Overdraft Protection. Overdraft transfe
rs to your eligible Bank of America deposit account from your credit card accoun
t will be Bank Cash Advances under your Credit Card Agreement. Transfers will be
 subject to the terms of both your Credit Card Agreement and the account agreeme
nt(s) and disclosures governing your Bank of America deposit account. If you lin
k your Bank of America deposit account to your credit card for Overdraft Protect
ion, we will automatically transfer funds in multiples of $100 from your credit 
card account to cover any overdraft on your deposit account, as long as the port
ion of credit available for cash on your credit card account is sufficient and y
ou are not in default under your Credit Card Agreement. A fee of $12 will apply 
for each transaction. The fee will not be assessed if your deposit account is ov
erdrawn by a total amount less than $12, after we finish processing for the day.
 The Bank Cash Advance will accrue interest at the APR stated in your Credit Car
d Agreement. Overdraft Protection transfers incur interest charges from the tran
saction date. If the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card ac
count is insufficient to cover the amount required by the overdraft (in the mult
iple of funds stated above), we may advance the funds even if it causes your cre
dit card account to exceed your Cash Credit Line. Linking Overdraft Protection f
rom your Bank of America credit card to your Bank of America deposit account wil
l end any other Overdraft Protection connections to your deposit account. Please
 see your Credit Card Agreement for additional details.    BALANCE TRANSFERS If 
the total amount you request exceeds your Total Credit Line, we may send full or
 partial payment to your creditors in the order you provide them to us. Allow at
 least 2 weeks from account opening for processing. Continue paying each credito
r until the transfer appears as a credit. Balance Transfers incur interest charg
es from the transaction date. If you revolve your balance to take advantage of a
 promotional or introductory offer, all transactions and balances, including pur
chases, will be charged interest. The Balance Transfer fee is 3% of the amount o
f the transaction (min. $10). If you have a dispute with a creditor and pay that
 balance by transferring it to your new account, you may lose certain dispute ri
ghts. Balance Transfers may not be used to pay off or pay down any account issue
d by Bank of America, N.A. or its affiliates.        The information in this off
er is updated regularly, but may have changed since the last update. The Bank of
 America® Privacy Notice is available at bankofamerica.com/privacy and accompani
es the Credit Card Agreement.   This credit card program is issued and administe
red by Bank of America, N.A. Any account opened in response to this application 
shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina. Deposit products a
nd services are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members 
FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Visa and Visa
 Signature are registered trademarks of Visa International Service Association, 
and are used by the issuer pursuant to license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Platinum Pl
us, Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks of Ba
nk of America Corporation. American Airlines is a registered trademark of Americ
an Airlines, Inc. ©2018 Bank of America Corporation