†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information   Account terms are not guarant
eed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transacti
ons, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law 
based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategi
es, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are full
y informed about the terms of this credit card offer.     Interest Rates and Int
erest Charges       Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases    0% Introductor
y APR for the first 12 Statement Closing Dates following the opening of your acc
ount.After that, your APR will be 16.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthine
ss when you open your account. This APR will vary with the market based on the P
rime Rate.     APR for Balance Transfers    16.49% to 24.49%, based on your cred
itworthiness when you open your account.After that, your APR will vary with the 
market based on the Prime Rate.     APR for Cash Advances   19.49% to 26.49%, ba
sed on your creditworthiness when you open your account, for Direct Deposit and 
Check Cash Advances, and26.49% for Bank Cash Advances. See footnote Footnote  1 
for explanation.These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.   
  Penalty APRand When it Applies   Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be appli
ed to new transactions on your account if you:    • Make a late payment.How Long
 Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If your APRs are increased, the Penalty APR will a
pply indefinitely.     How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases   Your due date
 is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge y
ou any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each
 month.     Minimum Interest Charge   If you are charged interest, the charge wi
ll be no less than $1.50.     For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial P
rotection Bureau   To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or 
using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bure
au at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore     Please see the next page for 
a continuation of the Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information.     Fees 
      Annual Fee   None     Transaction Fees           • Purchase   Purchase of 
a wire transfer from a non-financial institution: Either $10 or 5% of the amount
 of each transaction, whichever is greater.       • Balance Transfer   Either $1
0 or 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater.       • Cash Ad
vance   Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances:  Either $10 or 3% of the amount 
of each transaction, whichever is greater.ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online
 and Cash Equivalent Cash Advances:Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transa
ction, whichever is greater. Overdraft Protection Cash Advance (if enrolled): $1
2 for each transaction.       • Foreign Transaction   None     Penalty Fees     
      • Late Payment   Up to $38       • Returned Payment   Up to $27       How 
We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called “average daily balance (i
ncluding new purchases).”Payments are allocated to posted balances. If your acco
unt has balances with different APRs, we will allocate the amount of your paymen
t equal to the Total Minimum Payment Due to the lowest APR balances first. Payme
nt amounts in excess of your Total Minimum Payment Due will be applied to balanc
es with higher APRs before balances with lower APRs.1 Bank Cash Advances include
 ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online, Overdraft Protection and Cash Equivalen
t (money orders, foreign currency, travelers checks, or to obtain cash, from a n
on-financial institution, or person-to-person money transfers, bets, lottery tic
kets purchased outside the United States, casino gaming chips and bail bonds) Ca
sh Advances. More Information about Penalty Fees and Penalty APRPenalty Fees: If
 your Total Minimum Payment Due is not received by your Payment Due Date, a Late
 Payment Fee of $27 will be assessed; $38 for subsequent occurrences that are wi
thin 6 billing cycles of a previous occurrence. However, the Late Payment Fee wi
ll not exceed the total minimum payment that was due. If your balance is $100 or
 less on the Payment Due Date, we will not assess a Late Payment Fee. The Return
ed Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that was due. Penalty A
PR: Your Penalty APR will not exceed 29.99% on new transactions. There is no Pen
alty APR on existing balances.Prime Rate: The Variable APRs above are based on t
he current Prime Rate of 4.75%.       CONDITIONS      By submitting this applica
tion, you: (1) acknowledge that you have reviewed the credit card Terms and Cond
itions; and (2) agree to submit your application for this credit card subject to
 those Terms and Conditions. The words “you” and “your” apply to each person who
 submits the application. You have read the accompanying application, and you af
firm that everything you have stated is true and complete. You are at least 18 y
ears of age or you are at least 21 years of age if a permanent resident of Puert
o Rico. You authorize Bank of America, N.A. (hereinafter “we”, “us” or “our”) to
 obtain your credit report(s), employment history and any other information in o
rder to approve or decline this application, service your account, and manage ou
r relationship with you. If you ask, we will tell you the name and address of an
y consumer reporting agency that provided such report(s) to us. You consent to o
ur sharing of information about you and your account with the organization, if a
ny, endorsing this credit card program. You authorize us to share with others, t
o the extent permitted by law, such information and our credit experience with y
ou. In addition, you may as a customer later indicate a preference to exempt you
r account from some of the information-sharing with other companies (“opt-out”).
 If you accept or use an account, you do so subject to the terms of this applica
tion, the “Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information” and the Credit Card 
Agreement, as it may be amended; you also agree to pay and/or to be held jointly
 and severally liable for all charges incurred under such terms. Any changes you
 make to the terms of this application will have no effect. You understand that 
the Annual Percentage Rate you receive will be determined based on your creditwo
rthiness. You understand that only a portion of your Total Credit Line will be a
vailable for Bank Cash Advances. You also understand that if you have existing c
redit card accounts with Bank of America, we may utilize the available credit on
 the existing account(s) to approve your new credit card which could include mov
ing credit from an account with a lower annual percentage rate and/or fee struct
ure to a higher annual percentage rate and/or fee structure without increasing y
our overall credit limit. You accept that on a periodic basis your account may b
e considered for automatic upgrade at our discretion. You consent to and authori
ze us, any of our affiliates, or our marketing associates to monitor and/or reco
rd any of your phone conversations with any of our representatives. You further 
consent to our use of automatic dialers, text, or prerecorded messages for servi
cing your account even if the telephone number is a mobile telephone number for 
which the called party is charged. If additional development is necessary based 
on the application information provided, we will make every attempt to contact y
ou.     FEATURES     Bank of America® Travel Rewards Program Information. How Yo
u Earn Points: You earn points when you use your card to make purchases, minus r
eturns, credits and adjustments (“Net Purchases”). The following transactions ar
e not considered Net Purchases and will not earn points: Balance Transfers and C
ash Advances (each as defined in your Credit Card Agreement), fees, interest cha
rges, fraudulent transactions and certain other charges. Unlimited 1.5 Points: E
arn 1.5 points (base points) for every $1 of Net Purchases charged to the card e
ach billing cycle. Bonus Points At The Travel Center: Earn 3 points (consisting 
of 1.5 bonus points and 1.5 base points) for every $1 in Net Purchases, excludin
g insurance purchases, made through the Travel Center, with no limit on the numb
er of bonus points you can earn. 10% Customer Points Bonus: A 10% Customer Point
s Bonus will be added to the base points you earn on every purchase if either th
e primary or co-applicant has an active consumer (non-business) checking, saving
s or individual retirement account with Bank of America, N.A. (“qualifying accou
nt”), or is a client of Merrill Edge®, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner &amp; Smith
 Incorporated or U.S. Trust (excluding 401(k) or other employer sponsored plans 
and 529 plans). To earn the Customer Points Bonus, your qualifying account must 
be open and maintain a balance at all times or have had a deposit in the previou
s 90 days. It may take up to 45 days to begin earning the Customer Points Bonus 
on purchases when you open a qualifying account. Account-opening bonuses are exc
luded from the Customer Points Bonus. How You Use Your Points: Redeem points for
 a travel credit or cash reward starting at 2,500 points; gift card redemptions 
start at 3,125 points. How Your Travel Credit Works: A travel credit is applied 
as a statement credit to your account to offset travel purchases from qualifying
 merchants in these travel-related categories: airlines, hotels, motels, timesha
res, trailer parks, motor home and recreational vehicle rentals, campgrounds, ca
r rental agencies, truck and trailer rental, cruise lines, travel agencies, tour
 operators and real estate agents, operators of passenger trains, buses, taxis, 
limousines, ferries, boat rentals, parking lots and garages, tolls and bridge fe
es, tourist attractions and exhibits like art galleries, amusement parks, carniv
als, circuses, aquariums, zoos and the like. Purchases from some merchants that 
provide travel-related goods and services will not be eligible for a travel cred
it, like in-flight goods and services, and duty-free airport purchases. Qualifyi
ng travel purchases are eligible for a travel credit for 12 months from the post
ing date. Each point redeemed for a travel credit is worth $0.01 (2,500 points =
 $25). How Your Cash Rewards And Gift Cards Work: Cash rewards are redeemed for 
a check or electronic deposit into a Bank of America® checking or savings accoun
t or a contribution to an eligible Cash Management Account® with Merrill Lynch W
ealth Management® or Merrill Edge®. Each point redeemed for cash is worth $0.006
 (2,500 points = $15). The redemption value for gift cards varies. Points Expira
tion: As long as your account remains in good standing, points do not expire. Po
ints Forfeiture: If the owner(s) of the card account voluntarily closes the card
 account, or if for any reason we close the card account, any unredeemed points 
associated with the account are subject to immediate forfeiture, unless specific
ally authorized by us. Rewards Program Rules: Program Rules containing additiona
l terms of your credit card rewards program will be sent to you with your new ac
count materials. Other significant terms apply. Program subject to change.   Bon
us Points Offer. You will qualify for 20,000 bonus points if you use your new cr
edit card account to make any combination of Purchase transactions totaling at l
east $1,000 (exclusive of any fees, returns and adjustments) that post to your a
ccount within 90 days of the account open date. Limit 1 bonus points offer per n
ew account. This one-time promotion is limited to customers opening a new accoun
t in response to this offer and will not apply to requests to convert existing a
ccounts. Other advertised promotional bonus points offers can vary from this pro
motion and may not be substituted. Allow 8-12 weeks from qualifying for the bonu
s points to post to your rewards balance. The value of this reward may constitut
e taxable income to you. You may be issued an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099
 (or other appropriate form) that reflects the value of such reward. Please cons
ult your tax advisor, as neither we, nor our affiliates, provide tax advice.   M
obile Banking. Mobile Banking requires that you download the Mobile Banking app 
and is only available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may appl
y.Alerts. You may elect to receive alerts via text or email. Bank of America doe
s not charge for this service but your mobile carrier's message and data rates m
ay apply. Delivery of alerts may be affected or delayed by your mobile carrier's
 coverage.   $0 Liability Guarantee. The $0 Liability Guarantee covers fraudulen
t transactions made by others using your account. To be covered, don’t share per
sonal or account information with anyone. Claims may only be filed by the accoun
tholder against posted and settled transactions subject to dollar limits and ver
ification, including providing requested information supporting fraudulent use c
laim.   FICO® Score Program. The FICO® Score Program is for educational purposes
 and for your non-commercial, personal use. This benefit is available only for p
rimary cardholders with an open and active consumer credit card account who have
 a FICO® Score available. The feature is accessible through Online Banking, the 
Mobile website, and the Mobile Banking app for iPhone and Android devices. FICO 
is a registered trademark of Fair Isaac Corporation in the United States and oth
er countries. Data connection required. Wireless carrier fees may apply.   Text 
Banking. Bank of America does not charge for Text Banking. However, your mobile 
service provider may charge for sending and receiving text messages on your mobi
le phone. Check with your service provider for details on specific fees and char
ges that may apply.   Card Benefits. Certain restrictions apply to each benefit.
 Details accompany new account materials.   Overdraft Protection. Overdraft tran
sfers to your eligible Bank of America deposit account from your credit card acc
ount will be Bank Cash Advances under your Credit Card Agreement. Transfers will
 be subject to the terms of both your Credit Card Agreement and the account agre
ement(s) and disclosures governing your Bank of America deposit account. If you 
link your Bank of America deposit account to your credit card for Overdraft Prot
ection, we will automatically transfer funds in multiples of $100 from your cred
it card account to cover any overdraft on your deposit account, as long as the p
ortion of credit available for cash on your credit card account is sufficient an
d you are not in default under your Credit Card Agreement. A fee of $12 will app
ly for each transaction. The fee will not be assessed if your deposit account is
 overdrawn by a total amount less than $12, after we finish processing for the d
ay. The Bank Cash Advance will accrue interest at the APR stated in your Credit 
Card Agreement. Overdraft Protection transfers incur interest charges from the t
ransaction date. If the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card
 account is insufficient to cover the amount required by the overdraft (in the m
ultiple of funds stated above), we may advance the funds even if it causes your 
credit card account to exceed your Cash Credit Line. Linking Overdraft Protectio
n from your Bank of America credit card to your Bank of America deposit account 
will end any other Overdraft Protection connections to your deposit account. Ple
ase see your Credit Card Agreement for additional details.    BALANCE TRANSFERS 
If the total amount you request exceeds your Total Credit Line, we may send full
 or partial payment to your creditors in the order you provide them to us. Allow
 at least 2 weeks from account opening for processing. Continue paying each cred
itor until the transfer appears as a credit. Balance Transfers incur interest ch
arges from the transaction date. If you revolve your balance to take advantage o
f a promotional or introductory offer, all transactions and balances, including 
purchases, will be charged interest. The Balance Transfer fee is 3% of the amoun
t of the transaction (min. $10). If you have a dispute with a creditor and pay t
hat balance by transferring it to your new account, you may lose certain dispute
 rights. Balance Transfers may not be used to pay off or pay down any account is
sued by Bank of America, N.A. or its affiliates.        The information in this 
offer is updated regularly, but may have changed since the last update. The Bank
 of America® Privacy Notice is available at bankofamerica.com/privacy and accomp
anies the Credit Card Agreement.   This credit card program is issued and admini
stered by Bank of America, N.A. Any account opened in response to this applicati
on shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina. Deposit product
s and services are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Membe
rs FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. The reward
s program is managed in part by independent third parties, the State Seller of T
ravel registration numbers for Orbitz, LLC in the states that require registrati
on are: California CST 2063530-50 (registration as a seller of travel does not c
onstitute approval by the State of California). This Seller of Travel is not a p
articipant in the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund. California law re
quires certain sellers of travel to have a trust account or bond. This business 
has a bond issued by Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland in the amount of $
50,000. Washington: 602 108 724. Visa is a registered trademark of Visa Internat
ional Service Association, and is used by the issuer pursuant to license from Vi
sa U.S.A. Inc. Platinum Plus, Merrill Edge, Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, Cas
h Management Account, U.S. Trust, Bank of America and the Bank of America logo a
re registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation. All other company and p
roduct names and logos are the property of others and their use does not imply e
ndorsement of, or an association with, the rewards program. ©2018 Bank of Americ
a Corporation