†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information   Account terms are not guarant
eed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transacti
ons, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law 
based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategi
es, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are full
y informed about the terms of this credit card offer.     Interest Rates and Int
erest Charges       Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases    14.49% to 24.4
9%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account.After that, your A
PR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     APR for Balance Transf
ers    0% Introductory APR for the first 12 Statement Closing Dates following th
e opening of your account for transactions made within 60 days of opening your a
ccount. After that, your APR will be 14.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworth
iness when you open your account. This APR will vary with the market based on th
e Prime Rate.     APR for Cash Advances   17.49% to 26.49%, based on your credit
worthiness when you open your account, for Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advance
s, and26.49% for Bank Cash Advances. See footnote Footnote  1 for explanation.Th
ese APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     Penalty APRand W
hen it Applies   Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.This APR will vary
 with the market based on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied to new transact
ions on your account if you:    • Make a late payment.How Long Will the Penalty 
APR Apply?: If your APRs are increased, the Penalty APR will apply indefinitely.
     How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases   Your due date is at least 25 da
ys after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on
 purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.     Minimu
m Interest Charge   If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than
 $1.50.     For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau  
 To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit car
d, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.c
onsumerfinance.gov/learnmore     Please see the next page for a continuation of 
the Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information.     Fees       Annual Fee  
 $59     Transaction Fees           • Purchase   Purchase of a wire transfer fro
m a non-financial institution: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transactio
n, whichever is greater.       • Balance Transfer   Either $10 or 3% of the amou
nt of each transaction, whichever is greater.       • Cash Advance   Direct Depo
sit and Check Cash Advances:  Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transaction
, whichever is greater.ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online and Cash Equivalen
t Cash Advances:Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is
 greater. Overdraft Protection Cash Advance (if enrolled): $12 for each transact
ion.       • Foreign Transaction   3% of the U.S. dollar amount of each transact
ion (1) made in a foreign currency, or (2) made in U.S. dollars if the transacti
on is made or processed outside of the United States. This fee will be in additi
on to any other applicable fee.     Penalty Fees           • Late Payment   Up t
o $38       • Returned Payment   Up to $27       How We Will Calculate Your Bala
nce: We use a method called “average daily balance (including new purchases).”Pa
yments are allocated to posted balances. If your account has balances with diffe
rent APRs, we will allocate the amount of your payment equal to the Total Minimu
m Payment Due to the lowest APR balances first. Payment amounts in excess of you
r Total Minimum Payment Due will be applied to balances with higher APRs before 
balances with lower APRs.1 Bank Cash Advances include ATM, Over-the-Counter, Sam
e-Day Online, Overdraft Protection and Cash Equivalent (money orders, foreign cu
rrency, travelers checks, or to obtain cash, from a non-financial institution, o
r person-to-person money transfers, bets, lottery tickets purchased outside the 
United States, casino gaming chips and bail bonds) Cash Advances. More Informati
on about Penalty Fees and Penalty APRPenalty Fees: If your Total Minimum Payment
 Due is not received by your Payment Due Date, a Late Payment Fee of $27 will be
 assessed; $38 for subsequent occurrences that are within 6 billing cycles of a 
previous occurrence. However, the Late Payment Fee will not exceed the total min
imum payment that was due. If your balance is $100 or less on the Payment Due Da
te, we will not assess a Late Payment Fee. The Returned Payment Fee will not exc
eed the total minimum payment that was due. Penalty APR: Your Penalty APR will n
ot exceed 29.99% on new transactions. There is no Penalty APR on existing balanc
es.Prime Rate: The Variable APRs above are based on the current Prime Rate of 4.
75%.       CONDITIONS      By submitting this application, you: (1) acknowledge 
that you have reviewed the credit card Terms and Conditions; and (2) agree to su
bmit your application for this credit card subject to those Terms and Conditions
. The words “you” and “your” apply to each person who submits the application. Y
ou have read the accompanying application, and you affirm that everything you ha
ve stated is true and complete. You are at least 18 years of age or you are at l
east 21 years of age if a permanent resident of Puerto Rico. You authorize Bank 
of America, N.A. (hereinafter “we”, “us” or “our”) to obtain your credit report(
s), employment history and any other information in order to approve or decline 
this application, service your account, and manage our relationship with you. If
 you ask, we will tell you the name and address of any consumer reporting agency
 that provided such report(s) to us. You consent to our sharing of information a
bout you and your account with the organization, if any, endorsing this credit c
ard program. You authorize us to share with others, to the extent permitted by l
aw, such information and our credit experience with you. In addition, you may as
 a customer later indicate a preference to exempt your account from some of the 
information-sharing with other companies (“opt-out”). If you accept or use an ac
count, you do so subject to the terms of this application, the “Details of Rate,
 Fee and Other Cost Information” and the Credit Card Agreement, as it may be ame
nded; you also agree to pay and/or to be held jointly and severally liable for a
ll charges incurred under such terms. Any changes you make to the terms of this 
application will have no effect. You understand that the Annual Percentage Rate 
you receive will be determined based on your creditworthiness. You understand th
at only a portion of your Total Credit Line will be available for Bank Cash Adva
nces. You also understand that if you have existing credit card accounts with Ba
nk of America, we may utilize the available credit on the existing account(s) to
 approve your new credit card which could include moving credit from an account 
with a lower annual percentage rate and/or fee structure to a higher annual perc
entage rate and/or fee structure without increasing your overall credit limit. Y
ou accept that on a periodic basis your account may be considered for automatic 
upgrade at our discretion. You consent to and authorize us, any of our affiliate
s, or our marketing associates to monitor and/or record any of your phone conver
sations with any of our representatives. You further consent to our use of autom
atic dialers, text, or prerecorded messages for servicing your account even if t
he telephone number is a mobile telephone number for which the called party is c
harged. If additional development is necessary based on the application informat
ion provided, we will make every attempt to contact you.     FEATURES     Allegi
ant World Mastercard® Program Summary. Earning myAllegiant™ Points: You earn poi
nts when you use your card to make purchases, minus returns, credits and adjustm
ents (“Net Purchases”). The following transactions are not considered Net Purcha
ses and will not earn points: Balance Transfers and Cash Advances (each as defin
ed in your Credit Card Agreement), fees, interest charges, fraudulent transactio
ns and certain other charges. 1 Point: Earn 1 point (base point) for every $1 of
 Net Purchases charged to the card each billing cycle. 2 Points: Earn 2 points (
consisting of 1 bonus point and 1 base point) for every $1 spent on eligible Din
ing Net Purchases, excluding Allegiant Net Purchases. Eligible Dining purchases 
include purchases at the following merchants: (a) Caterers; Eating Places and Re
staurants; and (b) Drinking Places. Fast Food is excluded. 3 Points: Earn 3 poin
ts (consisting of 2 bonus points and 1 base point) for every $1 spent on eligibl
e Allegiant travel Net Purchases. Eligible Allegiant travel Net Purchases includ
e purchases of Allegiant travel and onboard Allegiant purchases where Allegiant 
is the merchant of record and the purchase is processed under the following merc
hant categories: (a) Airlines, Air Carriers; (b) Travel Agency; (c) Allegiant On
board Purchases; and (d) Theatrical Ticket Agencies. Bonus Point Processing: Mer
chants are assigned a merchant category code (MCC) based upon the merchant's pri
mary line of business. We do not determine which MCC a merchant chooses to class
ify itself. We group similar MCCs into Bonus Categories to help you earn bonus r
ewards on purchases made at specific merchants. Your purchase may not qualify to
 receive the bonus earn rate if the merchant does not process transactions under
 the MCC that corresponds with the Bonus Category, or your purchase is processed
 through a third-party payment account, mobile/wireless card reader, digital wal
let not supported by Bank of America or similar technology where the technology 
does not support transmission of MCCs. For those Net Purchases, you will earn 1 
base point per dollar. Redeeming myAllegiant™ Points:  Points can be redeemed fo
r Allegiant travel, car rentals, hotel stays and attractions. All redemptions mu
st be done on allegiant.com. Cardholders may access their myAllegiant point bala
nce, earning and redemption activity online at allegiant.com after logging in to
 their account and linking their credit card to their myAllegiant account or by 
contacting myAllegiant Member Services at 702-800-2088 during normal hours of op
eration. Cardholders must notify Allegiant of any point discrepancies in their a
ccount within 6 months of the posting date of the transaction for which the adju
stment is sought via allegiant.com or myAllegiant Member Services. Cardholders w
ill be asked to confirm their identities and certain account information before 
a myAllegiant Member Service representative can discuss account details or make 
any changes to Member accounts. Bank of America should be contacted directly for
 any credit card billing questions or disputes.  Buy One Get One Airfare: Primar
y cardholders have the ability to get one round-trip companion airfare per purch
ased itinerary on Allegiant every time the following criteria are met; a minimum
 four night hotel stay or a minimum seven day car rental must accompany the prim
ary cardholder's flight purchase and be booked through myAllegiant Member Servic
es. The primary cardholder's full itinerary must be purchased with the primary c
ardholder's Allegiant World Mastercard® and the primary cardholder must be a pas
senger on the itinerary. The companion airfare itinerary must match the itinerar
y of the primary cardholder. Itineraries for both tickets must be booked, purcha
sed and ticketed at the same time through myAllegiant Member Services. Point red
emptions are not valid for the Buy One Get One Airfare. A cancellation of any pa
rt of the purchased itinerary will result in a cancellation of the full itinerar
y for both the primary cardholder and the companion. The Buy One Get One Airfare
 offer is not retroactive or valid for existing itineraries that have already be
en purchased, ticketed or flown. The Buy One Get One Airfare may only be booked 
by contacting myAllegiant Member Services. This offer does not constitute a righ
t of membership and can be rescinded or modified at any time by Allegiant.  Infl
ight Benefits: Cardholders can receive complimentary priority boarding and one f
ree beverage on board every flight by showing their valid Allegiant World Master
card® to the gate agent upon boarding and/or the flight attendant upon ordering 
a beverage.  Points Expiration and Forfeiture:  Please see allegiant.com for the
 Terms and Conditions that address points expiration and forfeiture. Rewards Pro
gram Rules: The myAllegiant Rewards program is offered and administered by Alleg
iant and is not a product or program of Bank of America. All myAllegiant Rewards
 program terms and conditions apply. Visit allegiant.com for complete myAllegian
t Rewards program details. Your credit card Program Rules containing additional 
details will be sent to you with your new account materials. Other significant t
erms apply. Program subject to change.   Bonus Points Offer. You will qualify fo
r 15,000 bonus points if you use your new credit card account to make any combin
ation of Net Purchase transactions totaling at least $1,000 (exclusive of any fe
es, including the annual fee, returns and adjustments) that post to the account 
within 90 days of the account open date. Limit 1 bonus points offer per new acco
unt. This one-time promotion is limited to customers opening a new account in re
sponse to this offer and will not apply to requests to convert existing accounts
. Bonus points will be credited to the primary cardholder's myAllegiant account 
approximately within the first two billing cycles after qualifying. Passenger is
 responsible for all applicable taxes, fees, surcharges and applicable checked b
aggage fees. The value of this reward may constitute taxable income to you. You 
may be issued an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) 
that reflects the value of such reward. Please consult your tax advisor, as neit
her we, nor our affiliates, provide tax advice.   Mobile Banking. Mobile Banking
 requires that you download the Mobile Banking app and is only available for sel
ect mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply.Alerts. You may elect to re
ceive alerts via text or email. Bank of America does not charge for this service
 but your mobile carrier's message and data rates may apply. Delivery of alerts 
may be affected or delayed by your mobile carrier's coverage.   $0 Liability Gua
rantee. The $0 Liability Guarantee covers fraudulent transactions made by others
 using your account. To be covered, don’t share personal or account information 
with anyone. Claims may only be filed by the accountholder against posted and se
ttled transactions subject to dollar limits and verification, including providin
g requested information supporting fraudulent use claim.   Text Banking. Bank of
 America does not charge for Text Banking. However, your mobile service provider
 may charge for sending and receiving text messages on your mobile phone. Check 
with your service provider for details on specific fees and charges that may app
ly.   Card Benefits. Certain restrictions apply to each benefit. Details accompa
ny new account materials.   Overdraft Protection. Overdraft transfers to your el
igible Bank of America deposit account from your credit card account will be Ban
k Cash Advances under your Credit Card Agreement. Transfers will be subject to t
he terms of both your Credit Card Agreement and the account agreement(s) and dis
closures governing your Bank of America deposit account. If you link your Bank o
f America deposit account to your credit card for Overdraft Protection, we will 
automatically transfer funds in multiples of $100 from your credit card account 
to cover any overdraft on your deposit account, as long as the portion of credit
 available for cash on your credit card account is sufficient and you are not in
 default under your Credit Card Agreement. A fee of $12 will apply for each tran
saction. The fee will not be assessed if your deposit account is overdrawn by a 
total amount less than $12, after we finish processing for the day. The Bank Cas
h Advance will accrue interest at the APR stated in your Credit Card Agreement. 
Overdraft Protection transfers incur interest charges from the transaction date.
 If the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card account is insu
fficient to cover the amount required by the overdraft (in the multiple of funds
 stated above), we may advance the funds even if it causes your credit card acco
unt to exceed your Cash Credit Line. Linking Overdraft Protection from your Bank
 of America credit card to your Bank of America deposit account will end any oth
er Overdraft Protection connections to your deposit account. Please see your Cre
dit Card Agreement for additional details.    BALANCE TRANSFERS If the total amo
unt you request exceeds your Total Credit Line, we may send full or partial paym
ent to your creditors in the order you provide them to us. Allow at least 2 week
s from account opening for processing. Continue paying each creditor until the t
ransfer appears as a credit. Balance Transfers incur interest charges from the t
ransaction date. If you revolve your balance to take advantage of a promotional 
or introductory offer, all transactions and balances, including purchases, will 
be charged interest. The Balance Transfer fee is 3% of the amount of the transac
tion (min. $10). If you have a dispute with a creditor and pay that balance by t
ransferring it to your new account, you may lose certain dispute rights. Balance
 Transfers may not be used to pay off or pay down any account issued by Bank of 
America, N.A. or its affiliates.        The information in this offer is updated
 regularly, but may have changed since the last update. The Bank of America® Pri
vacy Notice is available at bankofamerica.com/privacy and accompanies the Credit
 Card Agreement.   This credit card program is issued and administered by Bank o
f America, N.A. Any account opened in response to this application shall be gove
rned by the laws of the State of North Carolina. Deposit products and services a
re provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and whol
ly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Mastercard and World Maste
rcard are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated, and ar
e used by the issuer pursuant to license. Bank of America and the Bank of Americ
a logo are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation. myAllegiant™ an
d myAllegiant Rewards™ are registered trademarks of Allegiant Travel Company. ©2
018 Bank of America Corporation