†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information   Account terms are not guarant
eed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transacti
ons, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law 
based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategi
es, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are full
y informed about the terms of this credit card offer.     Interest Rates and Int
erest Charges       Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases    14.49% to 24.4
9%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account.After that, your A
PR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     APR for Balance Transf
ers    14.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your accou
nt.After that, your APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     A
PR for Cash Advances   17.49% to 26.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you
 open your account, for Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances, and26.49% for Ba
nk Cash Advances. See footnote Footnote  1 for explanation.These APRs will vary 
with the market based on the Prime Rate.     Penalty APRand When it Applies   Up
 to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.This APR will vary with the market ba
sed on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied to new transactions on your accoun
t if you:    • Make a late payment.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If your
 APRs are increased, the Penalty APR will apply indefinitely.     How to Avoid P
aying Interest on Purchases   Your due date is at least 25 days after the close 
of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you p
ay your entire balance by the due date each month.     Minimum Interest Charge  
 If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $1.50.     For Cre
dit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau   To learn more abou
t factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the websit
e of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/
learnmore     Please see the next page for a continuation of the Details of Rate
, Fee and Other Cost Information.     Fees       Annual Fee   NOTICE: The annual
 fee is scheduled to be assessed before you begin using your card and will reduc
e the amount of credit you initially have available. For example, if you are ass
igned the minimum credit limit of $500, your initial available credit will be on
ly about $421.$79     Transaction Fees           • Purchase   Purchase of a wire
 transfer from a non-financial institution: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of ea
ch transaction, whichever is greater.       • Balance Transfer   Either $10 or 3
% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater.       • Cash Advance 
  Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances:  Either $10 or 3% of the amount of eac
h transaction, whichever is greater.ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online and C
ash Equivalent Cash Advances:Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction,
 whichever is greater. Overdraft Protection Cash Advance (if enrolled): $12 for 
each transaction.       • Foreign Transaction   None     Penalty Fees           
• Late Payment   Up to $38       • Returned Payment   Up to $27       How We Wil
l Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called “average daily balance (includi
ng new purchases).”Payments are allocated to posted balances. If your account ha
s balances with different APRs, we will allocate the amount of your payment equa
l to the Total Minimum Payment Due to the lowest APR balances first. Payment amo
unts in excess of your Total Minimum Payment Due will be applied to balances wit
h higher APRs before balances with lower APRs.1 Bank Cash Advances include ATM, 
Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online, Overdraft Protection and Cash Equivalent (mon
ey orders, foreign currency, travelers checks, or to obtain cash, from a non-fin
ancial institution, or person-to-person money transfers, bets, lottery tickets p
urchased outside the United States, casino gaming chips and bail bonds) Cash Adv
ances. More Information about Penalty Fees and Penalty APRPenalty Fees: If your 
Total Minimum Payment Due is not received by your Payment Due Date, a Late Payme
nt Fee of $27 will be assessed; $38 for subsequent occurrences that are within 6
 billing cycles of a previous occurrence. However, the Late Payment Fee will not
 exceed the total minimum payment that was due. If your balance is $100 or less 
on the Payment Due Date, we will not assess a Late Payment Fee. The Returned Pay
ment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that was due. Penalty APR: Yo
ur Penalty APR will not exceed 29.99% on new transactions. There is no Penalty A
PR on existing balances.Prime Rate: The Variable APRs above are based on the cur
rent Prime Rate of 4.75%.       CONDITIONS      By submitting this application, 
you: (1) acknowledge that you have reviewed the credit card Terms and Conditions
; and (2) agree to submit your application for this credit card subject to those
 Terms and Conditions. The words “you” and “your” apply to each person who submi
ts the application. You have read the accompanying application, and you affirm t
hat everything you have stated is true and complete. You are at least 18 years o
f age or you are at least 21 years of age if a permanent resident of Puerto Rico
. You authorize Bank of America, N.A. (hereinafter “we”, “us” or “our”) to obtai
n your credit report(s), employment history and any other information in order t
o approve or decline this application, service your account, and manage our rela
tionship with you. If you ask, we will tell you the name and address of any cons
umer reporting agency that provided such report(s) to us. You consent to our sha
ring of information about you and your account with the organization, if any, en
dorsing this credit card program. You authorize us to share with others, to the 
extent permitted by law, such information and our credit experience with you. In
 addition, you may as a customer later indicate a preference to exempt your acco
unt from some of the information-sharing with other companies (“opt-out”). If yo
u accept or use an account, you do so subject to the terms of this application, 
the “Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information” and the Credit Card Agreem
ent, as it may be amended; you also agree to pay and/or to be held jointly and s
everally liable for all charges incurred under such terms. Any changes you make 
to the terms of this application will have no effect. You understand that the An
nual Percentage Rate you receive will be determined based on your creditworthine
ss. You understand that only a portion of your Total Credit Line will be availab
le for Bank Cash Advances. You also understand that if you have existing credit 
card accounts with Bank of America, we may utilize the available credit on the e
xisting account(s) to approve your new credit card which could include moving cr
edit from an account with a lower annual percentage rate and/or fee structure to
 a higher annual percentage rate and/or fee structure without increasing your ov
erall credit limit. You accept that on a periodic basis your account may be cons
idered for automatic upgrade at our discretion. You consent to and authorize us,
 any of our affiliates, or our marketing associates to monitor and/or record any
 of your phone conversations with any of our representatives. You further consen
t to our use of automatic dialers, text, or prerecorded messages for servicing y
our account even if the telephone number is a mobile telephone number for which 
the called party is charged. If additional development is necessary based on the
 application information provided, we will make every attempt to contact you.   
  FEATURES     Amtrak Guest Rewards® World Mastercard® Program Summary.  How You
 Earn Amtrak Guest Rewards® Points: You earn points when you use your card to ma
ke purchases, minus returns, credits and adjustments (“Net Purchases”). The foll
owing transactions are not considered Net Purchases and will not earn points: Ba
lance Transfers and Cash Advances (each as defined in your Credit Card Agreement
), fees, interest charges, fraudulent transactions and certain other charges. 1 
Point: Earn 1 point (base point) for every $1 of Net Purchases charged to the ca
rd each billing cycle. 2 Points: Earn 2 points (consisting of 1 bonus point and 
1 base point) for every $1 of Net Purchases charged at eligible Non-Amtrak trave
l merchants, which include: airlines, car rental agencies, hotels, motels, inns,
 and resorts, steamship/cruise lines, commuter rail, passenger rail, and travel 
agencies. 3 Points: Earn 3 points (consisting of 2 bonus points and 1 base point
) for every $1 of eligible Amtrak travel and onboard Net Purchases charged to th
e card where Amtrak is the merchant of record. Bonus Point Processing: Merchants
 are assigned a merchant category code (MCC) based upon the merchant's primary l
ine of business. We do not determine which MCC a merchant chooses to classify it
self. We group similar MCCs into Bonus Categories to help you earn bonus rewards
 on purchases made at specific merchants. Your purchase may not qualify to recei
ve the bonus earn rate if the merchant does not process transactions under the M
CC that corresponds with the Bonus Category, or your purchase is processed throu
gh a third-party payment account, mobile/wireless card reader, digital wallet no
t supported by Bank of America or similar technology where the technology does n
ot support transmission of MCCs. For those Net Purchases, you will earn 1 base p
oint per dollar. How You Use Your Points: Your points can be redeemed for Amtrak
 Guest Rewards travel, hotel stays, car rentals and gift cards. Go to amtrakgues
trewards.com for information on redemption and redemption minimums. Welcome Gift
/Anniversary Gift: Amtrak World Mastercard® cardholders receive a companion coup
on, one-class upgrade and a Single-Visit Station Lounge Pass upon approval for t
he new credit card account. Then only a companion coupon and one-class upgrade p
er each anniversary (no station lounge pass). Companion Coupon valid for 1 free 
companion rail fare with the purchase of 1 regular (full) adult rail fare. Free 
companion and paying passenger must reserve at the same time and travel together
 at all times. Valid for travel as 1 one-way or 1 roundtrip on one reservation p
er coupon. For roundtrip usage, both directions of travel must be reserved at th
e same time. Travel blackout dates apply. One-Class Upgrade Coupon valid for 1 s
pace-available, one-way, one-class upgrade. Valid only from Coach to Business cl
ass, or from Acela Business class to Acela First class, on a single travel segme
nt or leg. Not valid for upgrade to sleeping car accommodations. Travel blackout
 dates apply. Station lounge pass grants single entry at any ClubAcela®, Amtrak 
Metropolitan LoungeSM or Amtrak First Class Lounge and is valid for bearer and o
ne guest, or bearer's spouse/domestic partner and children under the age of 21. 
No same-day ticket required for use. Photocopies and reproductions will not be a
ccepted. Your companion coupon and one-class upgrade coupon are available online
 through your Amtrak Guest Rewards account. Your Single-Visit Station Lounge Pas
s will be mailed to you within 2 weeks of account opening. Please read the full 
terms and restrictions available on AmtrakGuestRewards.com and/or as stated on y
our Amtrak Rewards coupons and passes prior to use. Redeeming Amtrak Guest Rewar
ds Non-Amtrak Travel Rewards: These rewards will be sent via the U.S. Postal Ser
vice. Please allow 2 weeks for delivery of most Program Rewards from Program par
tners. If a non-Amtrak travel digital gift card is selected, please allow 3-7 da
ys for delivery. Reward Certificates and gift cards are governed by the specific
 rules, conditions and expiration dates shown on each and are subject to change 
without notice. Amtrak is not responsible for lost, stolen, damaged, misdirected
 or misplaced Reward Certificates. Unless otherwise noted in the Program materia
ls, Program Rewards do not include incidental charges such as food, beverages, t
axes, service or other charges. Travel reward blackout dates may apply. 5% Rebat
e: Each time you redeem your points for an Amtrak ticket, you will receive a 5% 
rebate on the points you redeemed. For example, if you redeem 100 points for an 
Amtrak ticket, you will receive 5 points back. Points are redeposited into your 
Amtrak Guest Rewards® account. This benefit is available to Amtrak Guest Rewards
 Mastercard® credit cardholders only. To be eligible for the 5% redemption rebat
e, your credit card account must be open, not in default and you must have compl
eted your first purchase at the time of fulfillment. Cardholders must have the t
otal amount of points required to complete the Amtrak travel redemption. The reb
ate cannot be applied before the redemption to achieve the total points required
 for redemption. Amtrak is wholly responsible for this rebate offer. Other Terms
 and Conditions may apply. Tier Qualifying Points (TQPs): This benefit applies t
o Amtrak Guest Rewards® World Mastercard® cardholders only. The Amtrak Guest Rew
ards® Platinum Mastercard® has different costs and benefits. Tier Qualifying Poi
nts (TQPs) are used to track and calculate Amtrak Guest Rewards tier status. A c
ardholder can earn up to a total of 4,000 TQPs per year on an Amtrak Guest Rewar
ds member account in increments of 1,000 TQPs for every $5,000 in eligible Net P
urchases using the Amtrak Guest Rewards World Mastercard(s) associated with the 
cardholder's Amtrak Guest Rewards member account.Points Transfer: This benefit a
pplies to Amtrak Guest Rewards® World Mastercard® cardholders only. The Amtrak G
uest Rewards® Platinum Mastercard® has different costs and benefits. Members tha
t are active cardholders of the Amtrak Guest Rewards® World Mastercard® issued b
y Bank of America, N.A. with an annual Net Purchase spend on the card of $20,000
 or more per calendar year may redeem up to 25,000 Amtrak Guest Rewards points p
er calendar year for hotel points and Audience Rewards points. Points Expiration
: As long as your credit card account remains open, your points will not expire.
 Go to amtrakguestrewards.com for additional information on points expiration fo
r the Amtrak Guest Rewards Program. Points Forfeiture: Points are subject to for
feiture. Go to amtrakguestrewards.com for additional information on points forfe
iture for the Amtrak Guest Rewards Program. Rewards Program Rules: The Amtrak Gu
est Rewards program is offered and administered by Amtrak and is not a product o
r program of Bank of America. All Amtrak Guest Rewards program terms and conditi
ons apply. Visit amtrakguestrewards.com for complete Amtrak Guest Rewards progra
m details. Your credit card Program Rules containing additional details will be 
sent to you with your new account materials. Other significant terms apply. Prog
ram subject to change.   Bonus Points Offer. You will qualify for 20,000 bonus p
oints if you use the World Mastercard® account to make any combination of Net Pu
rchase transactions totaling at least $1,000 (exclusive of any fees, including t
he annual fee, returns, and adjustments) that post to your account within 90 day
s of the account open date. Cash Advances and Balance Transfers do not apply for
 purposes of this offer. Limit 1 bonus points offer per new account. This one-ti
me promotion is limited to customers opening a new account in response to this o
ffer and will not apply to requests to convert existing accounts. Other advertis
ed promotional bonus points offers can vary from this promotion and may not be s
ubstituted. Allow 8-12 weeks from qualifying for the bonus points to post to the
 primary cardholder's Amtrak Guest Rewards account. The value of this reward may
 constitute taxable income to you. You may be issued an Internal Revenue Service
 Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) that reflects the value of such reward. P
lease consult your tax advisor, as neither we, nor our affiliates, provide tax a
dvice. The bonus points do not count toward Select, Select Plus or Select Execut
ive status.   Mobile Banking. Mobile Banking requires that you download the Mobi
le Banking app and is only available for select mobile devices. Message and data
 rates may apply.Alerts. You may elect to receive alerts via text or email. Bank
 of America does not charge for this service but your mobile carrier's message a
nd data rates may apply. Delivery of alerts may be affected or delayed by your m
obile carrier's coverage.   $0 Liability Guarantee. The $0 Liability Guarantee c
overs fraudulent transactions made by others using your account. To be covered, 
don’t share personal or account information with anyone. Claims may only be file
d by the accountholder against posted and settled transactions subject to dollar
 limits and verification, including providing requested information supporting f
raudulent use claim.   Text Banking. Bank of America does not charge for Text Ba
nking. However, your mobile service provider may charge for sending and receivin
g text messages on your mobile phone. Check with your service provider for detai
ls on specific fees and charges that may apply.   Card Benefits. Certain restric
tions apply to each benefit. Details accompany new account materials.   Overdraf
t Protection. Overdraft transfers to your eligible Bank of America deposit accou
nt from your credit card account will be Bank Cash Advances under your Credit Ca
rd Agreement. Transfers will be subject to the terms of both your Credit Card Ag
reement and the account agreement(s) and disclosures governing your Bank of Amer
ica deposit account. If you link your Bank of America deposit account to your cr
edit card for Overdraft Protection, we will automatically transfer funds in mult
iples of $100 from your credit card account to cover any overdraft on your depos
it account, as long as the portion of credit available for cash on your credit c
ard account is sufficient and you are not in default under your Credit Card Agre
ement. A fee of $12 will apply for each transaction. The fee will not be assesse
d if your deposit account is overdrawn by a total amount less than $12, after we
 finish processing for the day. The Bank Cash Advance will accrue interest at th
e APR stated in your Credit Card Agreement. Overdraft Protection transfers incur
 interest charges from the transaction date. If the portion of credit available 
for cash on your credit card account is insufficient to cover the amount require
d by the overdraft (in the multiple of funds stated above), we may advance the f
unds even if it causes your credit card account to exceed your Cash Credit Line.
 Linking Overdraft Protection from your Bank of America credit card to your Bank
 of America deposit account will end any other Overdraft Protection connections 
to your deposit account. Please see your Credit Card Agreement for additional de
tails.    BALANCE TRANSFERS If the total amount you request exceeds your Total C
redit Line, we may send full or partial payment to your creditors in the order y
ou provide them to us. Allow at least 2 weeks from account opening for processin
g. Continue paying each creditor until the transfer appears as a credit. Balance
 Transfers incur interest charges from the transaction date. If you revolve your
 balance to take advantage of a promotional or introductory offer, all transacti
ons and balances, including purchases, will be charged interest. The Balance Tra
nsfer fee is 3% of the amount of the transaction (min. $10). If you have a dispu
te with a creditor and pay that balance by transferring it to your new account, 
you may lose certain dispute rights. Balance Transfers may not be used to pay of
f or pay down any account issued by Bank of America, N.A. or its affiliates.    
    The information in this offer is updated regularly, but may have changed sin
ce the last update. The Bank of America® Privacy Notice is available at bankofam
erica.com/privacy and accompanies the Credit Card Agreement.   This credit card 
program is issued and administered by Bank of America, N.A. Any account opened i
n response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Nor
th Carolina. Deposit products and services are provided by Bank of America, N.A.
 and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of Ame
rica Corporation. Mastercard and World Mastercard are registered trademarks of M
astercard International Incorporated, and are used by the issuer pursuant to lic
ense. Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks of 
Bank of America Corporation. Amtrak®, ClubAcela®, Amtrak Guest Rewards®, and Met
ropolitan LoungeSM are registered service marks of the National Railroad Passeng
er Corporation. ©2018 Bank of America Corporation