†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information   Account terms are not guarant
eed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transacti
ons, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law 
based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategi
es, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are full
y informed about the terms of this credit card offer.     Interest Rates and Int
erest Charges       Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases    0% Introductor
y APR for the first 15 Statement Closing Dates following the opening of your acc
ount.After that, your APR will be 13.49% to 23.49%, based on your creditworthine
ss when you open your account. This APR will vary with the market based on the P
rime Rate.     APR for Balance Transfers    0% Introductory APR for the first 15
 Statement Closing Dates following the opening of your account for transactions 
made within 60 days of opening your account. After that, your APR will be 13.49%
 to 23.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account. This APR 
will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     APR for Cash Advances   1
6.49% to 26.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account, for 
Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances, and26.49% for Bank Cash Advances. See fo
otnote Footnote  1 for explanation.These APRs will vary with the market based on
 the Prime Rate.     Penalty APR   None     How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purc
hases   Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle.
 We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance
 by the due date each month.     Minimum Interest Charge   If you are charged in
terest, the charge will be no less than $1.50.     For Credit Card Tips from the
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau   To learn more about factors to consider 
when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Fina
ncial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore     Please s
ee the next page for a continuation of the Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost I
nformation.     Fees       Annual Fee   None     Transaction Fees           • Pu
rchase   Purchase of a wire transfer from a non-financial institution: Either $1
0 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater.       • Balance
 Transfer   $0 Introductory Fee for transactions made within 60 days of opening 
your account.After that, your fee will be:Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each
 transaction, whichever is greater.       • Cash Advance   Direct Deposit and Ch
eck Cash Advances:  Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transaction, whicheve
r is greater.ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online and Cash Equivalent Cash Adv
ances:Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater. 
Overdraft Protection Cash Advance (if enrolled): $12 for each transaction.      
 • Foreign Transaction   3% of the U.S. dollar amount of each transaction (1) ma
de in a foreign currency, or (2) made in U.S. dollars if the transaction is made
 or processed outside of the United States. This fee will be in addition to any 
other applicable fee.     Penalty Fees           • Late Payment   Up to $38     
  • Returned Payment   Up to $27       How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We us
e a method called “average daily balance (including new purchases).”Payments are
 allocated to posted balances. If your account has balances with different APRs,
 we will allocate the amount of your payment equal to the Total Minimum Payment 
Due to the lowest APR balances first. Payment amounts in excess of your Total Mi
nimum Payment Due will be applied to balances with higher APRs before balances w
ith lower APRs.1 Bank Cash Advances include ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Onli
ne, Overdraft Protection and Cash Equivalent (money orders, foreign currency, tr
avelers checks, or to obtain cash, from a non-financial institution, or person-t
o-person money transfers, bets, lottery tickets purchased outside the United Sta
tes, casino gaming chips and bail bonds) Cash Advances. More Information about P
enalty Fees If your Total Minimum Payment Due is not received by your Payment Du
e Date, a Late Payment Fee of $27 will be assessed; $38 for subsequent occurrenc
es that are within 6 billing cycles of a previous occurrence. However, the Late 
Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that was due. If your bala
nce is $100 or less on the Payment Due Date, we will not assess a Late Payment F
ee. The Returned Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that was 
due.Prime Rate: The Variable APRs above are based on the current Prime Rate of 4
.75%.       CONDITIONS      By submitting this application, you: (1) acknowledge
 that you have reviewed the credit card Terms and Conditions; and (2) agree to s
ubmit your application for this credit card subject to those Terms and Condition
s. The words “you” and “your” apply to each person who submits the application. 
You have read the accompanying application, and you affirm that everything you h
ave stated is true and complete. You are at least 18 years of age or you are at 
least 21 years of age if a permanent resident of Puerto Rico. You authorize Bank
 of America, N.A. (hereinafter “we”, “us” or “our”) to obtain your credit report
(s), employment history and any other information in order to approve or decline
 this application, service your account, and manage our relationship with you. I
f you ask, we will tell you the name and address of any consumer reporting agenc
y that provided such report(s) to us. You consent to our sharing of information 
about you and your account with the organization, if any, endorsing this credit 
card program. You authorize us to share with others, to the extent permitted by 
law, such information and our credit experience with you. In addition, you may a
s a customer later indicate a preference to exempt your account from some of the
 information-sharing with other companies (“opt-out”). If you accept or use an a
ccount, you do so subject to the terms of this application, the “Details of Rate
, Fee and Other Cost Information” and the Credit Card Agreement, as it may be am
ended; you also agree to pay and/or to be held jointly and severally liable for 
all charges incurred under such terms. Any changes you make to the terms of this
 application will have no effect. You understand that the Annual Percentage Rate
 you receive will be determined based on your creditworthiness. You understand t
hat only a portion of your Total Credit Line will be available for Bank Cash Adv
ances. You also understand that if you have existing credit card accounts with B
ank of America, we may utilize the available credit on the existing account(s) t
o approve your new credit card which could include moving credit from an account
 with a lower annual percentage rate and/or fee structure to a higher annual per
centage rate and/or fee structure without increasing your overall credit limit. 
You accept that on a periodic basis your account may be considered for automatic
 upgrade at our discretion. You consent to and authorize us, any of our affiliat
es, or our marketing associates to monitor and/or record any of your phone conve
rsations with any of our representatives. You further consent to our use of auto
matic dialers, text, or prerecorded messages for servicing your account even if 
the telephone number is a mobile telephone number for which the called party is 
charged. If additional development is necessary based on the application informa
tion provided, we will make every attempt to contact you.     FEATURES     Mobil
e Banking. Mobile Banking requires that you download the Mobile Banking app and 
is only available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply.Al
erts. You may elect to receive alerts via text or email. Bank of America does no
t charge for this service but your mobile carrier's message and data rates may a
pply. Delivery of alerts may be affected or delayed by your mobile carrier's cov
erage.   $0 Liability Guarantee. The $0 Liability Guarantee covers fraudulent tr
ansactions made by others using your account. To be covered, don’t share persona
l or account information with anyone. Claims may only be filed by the accounthol
der against posted and settled transactions subject to dollar limits and verific
ation, including providing requested information supporting fraudulent use claim
.   FICO® Score Program. The FICO® Score Program is for educational purposes and
 for your non-commercial, personal use. This benefit is available only for prima
ry cardholders with an open and active consumer credit card account who have a F
ICO® Score available. The feature is accessible through Online Banking, the Mobi
le website, and the Mobile Banking app for iPhone and Android devices. FICO is a
 registered trademark of Fair Isaac Corporation in the United States and other c
ountries. Data connection required. Wireless carrier fees may apply.   Text Bank
ing. Bank of America does not charge for Text Banking. However, your mobile serv
ice provider may charge for sending and receiving text messages on your mobile p
hone. Check with your service provider for details on specific fees and charges 
that may apply.   Card Benefits. Certain restrictions apply to each benefit. Det
ails accompany new account materials.   Overdraft Protection. Overdraft transfer
s to your eligible Bank of America deposit account from your credit card account
 will be Bank Cash Advances under your Credit Card Agreement. Transfers will be 
subject to the terms of both your Credit Card Agreement and the account agreemen
t(s) and disclosures governing your Bank of America deposit account. If you link
 your Bank of America deposit account to your credit card for Overdraft Protecti
on, we will automatically transfer funds in multiples of $100 from your credit c
ard account to cover any overdraft on your deposit account, as long as the porti
on of credit available for cash on your credit card account is sufficient and yo
u are not in default under your Credit Card Agreement. A fee of $12 will apply f
or each transaction. The fee will not be assessed if your deposit account is ove
rdrawn by a total amount less than $12, after we finish processing for the day. 
The Bank Cash Advance will accrue interest at the APR stated in your Credit Card
 Agreement. Overdraft Protection transfers incur interest charges from the trans
action date. If the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card acc
ount is insufficient to cover the amount required by the overdraft (in the multi
ple of funds stated above), we may advance the funds even if it causes your cred
it card account to exceed your Cash Credit Line. Linking Overdraft Protection fr
om your Bank of America credit card to your Bank of America deposit account will
 end any other Overdraft Protection connections to your deposit account. Please 
see your Credit Card Agreement for additional details.    BALANCE TRANSFERS If t
he total amount you request exceeds your Total Credit Line, we may send full or 
partial payment to your creditors in the order you provide them to us. Allow at 
least 2 weeks from account opening for processing. Continue paying each creditor
 until the transfer appears as a credit. Balance Transfers incur interest charge
s from the transaction date. If you revolve your balance to take advantage of a 
promotional or introductory offer, all transactions and balances, including purc
hases, will be charged interest. The Introductory Balance Transfer Fee is $0 for
 transactions made within 60 days of opening your account. After that, your Bala
nce Transfer fee is 3% of the amount of the transaction (min. $10). If you have 
a dispute with a creditor and pay that balance by transferring it to your new ac
count, you may lose certain dispute rights. Balance Transfers may not be used to
 pay off or pay down any account issued by Bank of America, N.A. or its affiliat
es.        The information in this offer is updated regularly, but may have chan
ged since the last update. The Bank of America® Privacy Notice is available at b
ankofamerica.com/privacy and accompanies the Credit Card Agreement.   This credi
t card program is issued and administered by Bank of America, N.A. Any account o
pened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State
 of North Carolina. Deposit products and services are provided by Bank of Americ
a, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank
 of America Corporation. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard Inte
rnational Incorporated, and is used by the issuer pursuant to license. Platinum 
Plus, BankAmericard, Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered
 trademarks of Bank of America Corporation. ©2018 Bank of America Corporation