†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information   Account terms are not guarant
eed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transacti
ons, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law 
based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategi
es, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are full
y informed about the terms of this credit card offer.     Interest Rates and Int
erest Charges       Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases    14.49% to 24.4
9%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account.After that, your A
PR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     APR for Balance Transf
ers    14.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your accou
nt.After that, your APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     A
PR for Cash Advances   17.49% to 26.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you
 open your account, for Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances, and26.49% for Ba
nk Cash Advances. See footnote Footnote  1 for explanation.These APRs will vary 
with the market based on the Prime Rate.     Penalty APRand When it Applies   Up
 to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.This APR will vary with the market ba
sed on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied to new transactions on your accoun
t if you:    • Make a late payment.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If your
 APRs are increased, the Penalty APR will apply indefinitely.     How to Avoid P
aying Interest on Purchases   Your due date is at least 25 days after the close 
of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you p
ay your entire balance by the due date each month.     Minimum Interest Charge  
 If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $1.50.     For Cre
dit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau   To learn more abou
t factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the websit
e of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/
learnmore     Please see the next page for a continuation of the Details of Rate
, Fee and Other Cost Information.     Fees       Annual Fee   None     Transacti
on Fees           • Purchase   Purchase of a wire transfer from a non-financial 
institution: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is gr
eater.       • Balance Transfer   Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transac
tion, whichever is greater.       • Cash Advance   Direct Deposit and Check Cash
 Advances:  Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is gre
ater.ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online and Cash Equivalent Cash Advances:Ei
ther $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater. Overdraf
t Protection Cash Advance (if enrolled): $12 for each transaction.       • Forei
gn Transaction   None     Penalty Fees           • Late Payment   Up to $38     
  • Returned Payment   Up to $27       How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We us
e a method called “average daily balance (including new purchases).”Payments are
 allocated to posted balances. If your account has balances with different APRs,
 we will allocate the amount of your payment equal to the Total Minimum Payment 
Due to the lowest APR balances first. Payment amounts in excess of your Total Mi
nimum Payment Due will be applied to balances with higher APRs before balances w
ith lower APRs.1 Bank Cash Advances include ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Onli
ne, Overdraft Protection and Cash Equivalent (money orders, foreign currency, tr
avelers checks, or to obtain cash, from a non-financial institution, or person-t
o-person money transfers, bets, lottery tickets purchased outside the United Sta
tes, casino gaming chips and bail bonds) Cash Advances. More Information about P
enalty Fees and Penalty APRPenalty Fees: If your Total Minimum Payment Due is no
t received by your Payment Due Date, a Late Payment Fee of $27 will be assessed;
 $38 for subsequent occurrences that are within 6 billing cycles of a previous o
ccurrence. However, the Late Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payme
nt that was due. If your balance is $100 or less on the Payment Due Date, we wil
l not assess a Late Payment Fee. The Returned Payment Fee will not exceed the to
tal minimum payment that was due. Penalty APR: Your Penalty APR will not exceed 
29.99% on new transactions. There is no Penalty APR on existing balances.Prime R
ate: The Variable APRs above are based on the current Prime Rate of 4.75%.      
 CONDITIONS      By submitting this application, you: (1) acknowledge that you h
ave reviewed the credit card Terms and Conditions; and (2) agree to submit your 
application for this credit card subject to those Terms and Conditions. The word
s “you” and “your” apply to each person who submits the application. You have re
ad the accompanying application, and you affirm that everything you have stated 
is true and complete. You are at least 18 years of age or you are at least 21 ye
ars of age if a permanent resident of Puerto Rico. You authorize Bank of America
, N.A. (hereinafter “we”, “us” or “our”) to obtain your credit report(s), employ
ment history and any other information in order to approve or decline this appli
cation, service your account, and manage our relationship with you. If you ask, 
we will tell you the name and address of any consumer reporting agency that prov
ided such report(s) to us. You consent to our sharing of information about you a
nd your account with the organization, if any, endorsing this credit card progra
m. You authorize us to share with others, to the extent permitted by law, such i
nformation and our credit experience with you. In addition, you may as a custome
r later indicate a preference to exempt your account from some of the informatio
n-sharing with other companies (“opt-out”). If you accept or use an account, you
 do so subject to the terms of this application, the “Details of Rate, Fee and O
ther Cost Information” and the Credit Card Agreement, as it may be amended; you 
also agree to pay and/or to be held jointly and severally liable for all charges
 incurred under such terms. Any changes you make to the terms of this applicatio
n will have no effect. You understand that if your application is approved with 
a credit line that is greater than or equal to $5,000, you will receive a Visa S
ignature® account; if your credit line is less than $5,000, you will receive a P
latinum Plus® account. The benefits for Platinum Plus® accounts differ from Visa
 Signature® accounts. You also understand that the Annual Percentage Rate you re
ceive will be determined based on your creditworthiness. You understand that onl
y a portion of your Total Credit Line will be available for Bank Cash Advances. 
You also understand that if you have existing credit card accounts with Bank of 
America, we may utilize the available credit on the existing account(s) to appro
ve your new credit card which could include moving credit from an account with a
 lower annual percentage rate and/or fee structure to a higher annual percentage
 rate and/or fee structure without increasing your overall credit limit. You acc
ept that on a periodic basis your account may be considered for automatic upgrad
e at our discretion. You consent to and authorize us, any of our affiliates, or 
our marketing associates to monitor and/or record any of your phone conversation
s with any of our representatives. You further consent to our use of automatic d
ialers, text, or prerecorded messages for servicing your account even if the tel
ephone number is a mobile telephone number for which the called party is charged
. If additional development is necessary based on the application information pr
ovided, we will make every attempt to contact you.     FEATURES     MyCruise® Re
wards Program Information. The MyCruise Points Rewards program is offered by Roy
al Caribbean Cruises Ltd., Celebrity Cruises, Inc., and Azamara Club Cruises (co
llectively, “MyCruise Partners”). Bank of America, N.A. is the issuer of all Roy
al Caribbean, Celebrity and Azamara Club Cruises Visa® credit card accounts. MyC
ruise Partners and Bank of America N.A. share in the administration of the rewar
ds program associated with the credit cards. Participants are automatically enro
lled in the rewards program at no additional cost. How You Earn MyCruise Points:
 You earn MyCruise points when you use your card to make purchases, minus return
s, credits and adjustments (“Net Purchases”). The following transactions are not
 considered Net Purchases and will not earn points: Balance Transfers and Cash A
dvances (each as defined in your Credit Card Agreement), fees, interest charges,
 fraudulent transactions and certain other charges. There are two earnings rates
. 1 MyCruise Point: Earn 1 MyCruise point (base point) for every $1 of Net Purch
ases charged to the card each billing cycle. 2 MyCruise Points: Earn 2 MyCruise 
points (consisting of 1 bonus point and 1 base point) for every $1 spent on elig
ible Net Purchases made with the card in connection with products or services ob
tained through Royal Caribbean, Celebrity and Azamara. For any transaction to qu
alify for 2 MyCruise points per dollar, a Royal Caribbean, Celebrity or Azamara 
ship name or Royal Caribbean, Celebrity or Azamara must be identified as the mer
chant and appear as such on your monthly statement. Bonus Point Processing: Merc
hants are assigned a merchant category code (MCC) based upon the merchant's prim
ary line of business. We do not determine which MCC a merchant chooses to classi
fy itself. We group similar MCCs into Bonus Categories to help you earn bonus re
wards on purchases made at specific merchants. Your purchase may not qualify to 
receive the bonus earn rate if the merchant does not process transactions under 
the MCC that corresponds with the Bonus Category, or your purchase is processed 
through a third-party payment account, mobile/wireless card reader, digital wall
et not supported by Bank of America or similar technology where the technology d
oes not support transmission of MCCs. For those Net Purchases, you will earn 1 b
ase point per dollar. Points Cap: Each calendar year, you may earn a maximum of 
540,000 MyCruise points on qualifying Net Purchases posting from January 1 throu
gh December 31. MyCruise points accumulate for a maximum of 60 months from when 
they are first posted to the account (the posting date is not the same as the tr
ansaction date). This means that over the course of those 60 months (approximate
ly 5 years), you may accumulate and redeem a maximum of 2,700,000 MyCruise point
s.  How You Use Your MyCruise Points: Redeem MyCruise points for stateroom upgra
des, cruise discounts, companion fares, cruise vacations, onboard credits or ame
nities, merchandise and charitable donations. MyCruise points may be redeemed by
 logging in to your account at RoyalCaribbean.com/MyCruiseRewardsOnline.  Points
 Expiration: After the 60th month, unused MyCruise points earned during the firs
t month will expire and will be subtracted from the cumulative MyCruise points t
otal. MyCruise points earned from the 61st month will then be added to the cumul
ative MyCruise points total, and so on for each successive month. MyCruise point
s are not considered earned and available for use until they appear on a stateme
nt. Points Forfeiture: If the owner(s) of the card account voluntarily closes th
e card account, or if for any reason we close the card account, any unredeemed p
oints associated with the account are subject to immediate forfeiture, unless sp
ecifically authorized by us. Rewards Program Rules: Program Rules containing add
itional details will be sent to you with your new account materials. Other signi
ficant terms apply. Program subject to change.   Bonus Points Offer. You will ea
rn 10,000 one-time new cardholder bonus points if you use your new credit card a
ccount to make at least one Purchase, Balance Transfer or Cash Advance transacti
on (exclusive of any fees, returns and adjustments) that posts to your account w
ithin 90 days of the account open date. Limit 1 bonus points offer per new accou
nt. This one-time promotion is limited to customers opening a new account in res
ponse to this offer and will not apply to requests to convert existing accounts.
 Other advertised promotional bonus points offers can vary from this promotion a
nd may not be substituted. Bonus points are credited to your account approximate
ly 6-8 weeks after you qualify and they will count toward your maximum yearly po
ints earnings limits. The value of this reward may constitute taxable income to 
you. You may be issued an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropria
te form) that reflects the value of such reward. Please consult your tax advisor
, as neither we, Royal Caribbean, nor our affiliates, provide tax advice.   $50 
Air2Sea Discount. New Visa Signature® cardholders receive $50 off an airline tic
ket purchased through the Royal Caribbean Air2Sea program when you use your new 
card to make any combination of Net Purchase transactions totaling at least $3,5
00 (exclusive of any fees, returns and adjustments) that post to your account wi
thin 90 days of the account open date. A letter will be sent to you by mail upon
 qualification with instructions on how to redeem. The discount will expire 18 m
onths from issue date. The $50 discount will be credited to your reservation aft
er final payment on your cruise reservation (which is typically within 45 days o
f your sailing date). Visit royalcaribbean.com/air2sea for full Air2Sea terms an
d conditions. Air2Sea air travel must be booked in connection with a Royal Carib
bean cruise reservation. A non-refundable service fee applies per Air2Sea bookin
g: $15 for North American destinations or $25 for International destinations. Pl
atinum Plus® accounts are not eligible for this offer. See complete terms and co
nditions sent with registration form. Federal law prohibits students from receiv
ing a premium. Additional restrictions may apply.   Visa Signature Benefits®. Vi
sa Signature® benefits including Concierge service are separate from programs an
d benefits of Azamara Club Cruises, Celebrity Cruises or Royal Caribbean includi
ng Concierge service onboard. Please call 800.953.7392 for Visa Signature® Conci
erge service. Certain terms, conditions and exclusions apply. Platinum Plus® acc
ounts are not eligible. Please see your Benefits Guide for further details. Go t
o USA.Visa.com and click on Find A Card/Visa Signature/View Benefits to take adv
antage of other Visa Signature benefits and offers.   Mobile Banking. Mobile Ban
king requires that you download the Mobile Banking app and is only available for
 select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply.Alerts. You may elect t
o receive alerts via text or email. Bank of America does not charge for this ser
vice but your mobile carrier's message and data rates may apply. Delivery of ale
rts may be affected or delayed by your mobile carrier's coverage.   $0 Liability
 Guarantee. The $0 Liability Guarantee covers fraudulent transactions made by ot
hers using your account. To be covered, don’t share personal or account informat
ion with anyone. Claims may only be filed by the accountholder against posted an
d settled transactions subject to dollar limits and verification, including prov
iding requested information supporting fraudulent use claim.   FICO® Score Progr
am. The FICO® Score Program is for educational purposes and for your non-commerc
ial, personal use. This benefit is available only for primary cardholders with a
n open and active consumer credit card account who have a FICO® Score available.
 The feature is accessible through Online Banking, the Mobile website, and the M
obile Banking app for iPhone and Android devices. FICO is a registered trademark
 of Fair Isaac Corporation in the United States and other countries. Data connec
tion required. Wireless carrier fees may apply.   Text Banking. Bank of America 
does not charge for Text Banking. However, your mobile service provider may char
ge for sending and receiving text messages on your mobile phone. Check with your
 service provider for details on specific fees and charges that may apply.   Car
d Benefits. Certain restrictions apply to each benefit. Platinum Plus® card bene
fits differ from Visa Signature® card benefits (i.e., coverage amounts vary and 
some benefits are not available). Details accompany new account materials.   Ove
rdraft Protection. Overdraft transfers to your eligible Bank of America deposit 
account from your credit card account will be Bank Cash Advances under your Cred
it Card Agreement. Transfers will be subject to the terms of both your Credit Ca
rd Agreement and the account agreement(s) and disclosures governing your Bank of
 America deposit account. If you link your Bank of America deposit account to yo
ur credit card for Overdraft Protection, we will automatically transfer funds in
 multiples of $100 from your credit card account to cover any overdraft on your 
deposit account, as long as the portion of credit available for cash on your cre
dit card account is sufficient and you are not in default under your Credit Card
 Agreement. A fee of $12 will apply for each transaction. The fee will not be as
sessed if your deposit account is overdrawn by a total amount less than $12, aft
er we finish processing for the day. The Bank Cash Advance will accrue interest 
at the APR stated in your Credit Card Agreement. Overdraft Protection transfers 
incur interest charges from the transaction date. If the portion of credit avail
able for cash on your credit card account is insufficient to cover the amount re
quired by the overdraft (in the multiple of funds stated above), we may advance 
the funds even if it causes your credit card account to exceed your Cash Credit 
Line. Linking Overdraft Protection from your Bank of America credit card to your
 Bank of America deposit account will end any other Overdraft Protection connect
ions to your deposit account. Please see your Credit Card Agreement for addition
al details.    BALANCE TRANSFERS If the total amount you request exceeds your To
tal Credit Line, we may send full or partial payment to your creditors in the or
der you provide them to us. Allow at least 2 weeks from account opening for proc
essing. Continue paying each creditor until the transfer appears as a credit. Ba
lance Transfers incur interest charges from the transaction date. If you revolve
 your balance to take advantage of a promotional or introductory offer, all tran
sactions and balances, including purchases, will be charged interest. The Balanc
e Transfer fee is 3% of the amount of the transaction (min. $10). If you have a 
dispute with a creditor and pay that balance by transferring it to your new acco
unt, you may lose certain dispute rights. Balance Transfers may not be used to p
ay off or pay down any account issued by Bank of America, N.A. or its affiliates
.        The information in this offer is updated regularly, but may have change
d since the last update. The Bank of America® Privacy Notice is available at ban
kofamerica.com/privacy and accompanies the Credit Card Agreement.   This credit 
card program is issued and administered by Bank of America, N.A. Any account ope
ned in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State o
f North Carolina. Deposit products and services are provided by Bank of America,
 N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank o
f America Corporation. Visa and Visa Signature are registered trademarks of Visa
 International Service Association, and are used by the issuer pursuant to licen
se from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Platinum Plus, Bank of America and the Bank of America 
logo are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation. Royal Caribbean®,
 Celebrity Cruises®, Azamara Club Cruises®, MyCruise® Rewards and MyCruise® Poin
ts are registered trademarks of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. ©2018 Bank of Ameri
ca Corporation