†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information   Account terms are not guarant
eed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transacti
ons, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law 
based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategi
es, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are full
y informed about the terms of this credit card offer.     Interest Rates and Int
erest Charges       Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases    14.49% to 24.4
9%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account.After that, your A
PR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     APR for Balance Transf
ers    14.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your accou
nt.After that, your APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     A
PR for Cash Advances   17.49% to 26.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you
 open your account, for Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances, and26.49% for Ba
nk Cash Advances. See footnote Footnote  1 for explanation.These APRs will vary 
with the market based on the Prime Rate.     Penalty APRand When it Applies   Up
 to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.This APR will vary with the market ba
sed on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied to new transactions on your accoun
t if you:    • Make a late payment.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If your
 APRs are increased, the Penalty APR will apply indefinitely.     How to Avoid P
aying Interest on Purchases   Your due date is at least 25 days after the close 
of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you p
ay your entire balance by the due date each month.     Minimum Interest Charge  
 If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $1.50.     For Cre
dit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau   To learn more abou
t factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the websit
e of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/
learnmore     Please see the next page for a continuation of the Details of Rate
, Fee and Other Cost Information.     Fees       Annual Fee   None     Transacti
on Fees           • Purchase   Purchase of a wire transfer from a non-financial 
institution: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is gr
eater.       • Balance Transfer   Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transac
tion, whichever is greater.       • Cash Advance   Direct Deposit and Check Cash
 Advances:  Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is gre
ater.ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online and Cash Equivalent Cash Advances:Ei
ther $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater. Overdraf
t Protection Cash Advance (if enrolled): $12 for each transaction.       • Forei
gn Transaction   3% of the U.S. dollar amount of each transaction (1) made in a 
foreign currency, or (2) made in U.S. dollars if the transaction is made or proc
essed outside of the United States. This fee will be in addition to any other ap
plicable fee.     Penalty Fees           • Late Payment   Up to $38       • Retu
rned Payment   Up to $27       How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a meth
od called “average daily balance (including new purchases).”Payments are allocat
ed to posted balances. If your account has balances with different APRs, we will
 allocate the amount of your payment equal to the Total Minimum Payment Due to t
he lowest APR balances first. Payment amounts in excess of your Total Minimum Pa
yment Due will be applied to balances with higher APRs before balances with lowe
r APRs.1 Bank Cash Advances include ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online, Over
draft Protection and Cash Equivalent (money orders, foreign currency, travelers 
checks, or to obtain cash, from a non-financial institution, or person-to-person
 money transfers, bets, lottery tickets purchased outside the United States, cas
ino gaming chips and bail bonds) Cash Advances. More Information about Penalty F
ees and Penalty APRPenalty Fees: If your Total Minimum Payment Due is not receiv
ed by your Payment Due Date, a Late Payment Fee of $27 will be assessed; $38 for
 subsequent occurrences that are within 6 billing cycles of a previous occurrenc
e. However, the Late Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that 
was due. If your balance is $100 or less on the Payment Due Date, we will not as
sess a Late Payment Fee. The Returned Payment Fee will not exceed the total mini
mum payment that was due. Penalty APR: Your Penalty APR will not exceed 29.99% o
n new transactions. There is no Penalty APR on existing balances.Prime Rate: The
 Variable APRs above are based on the current Prime Rate of 4.75%.       CONDITI
ONS      By submitting this application, you: (1) acknowledge that you have revi
ewed the credit card Terms and Conditions; and (2) agree to submit your applicat
ion for this credit card subject to those Terms and Conditions. The words “you” 
and “your” apply to each person who submits the application. You have read the a
ccompanying application, and you affirm that everything you have stated is true 
and complete. You are at least 18 years of age or you are at least 21 years of a
ge if a permanent resident of Puerto Rico. You authorize Bank of America, N.A. (
hereinafter “we”, “us” or “our”) to obtain your credit report(s), employment his
tory and any other information in order to approve or decline this application, 
service your account, and manage our relationship with you. If you ask, we will 
tell you the name and address of any consumer reporting agency that provided suc
h report(s) to us. You consent to our sharing of information about you and your 
account with the organization, if any, endorsing this credit card program. You a
uthorize us to share with others, to the extent permitted by law, such informati
on and our credit experience with you. In addition, you may as a customer later 
indicate a preference to exempt your account from some of the information-sharin
g with other companies (“opt-out”). If you accept or use an account, you do so s
ubject to the terms of this application, the “Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cos
t Information” and the Credit Card Agreement, as it may be amended; you also agr
ee to pay and/or to be held jointly and severally liable for all charges incurre
d under such terms. Any changes you make to the terms of this application will h
ave no effect. You understand that the Annual Percentage Rate you receive will b
e determined based on your creditworthiness. You understand that only a portion 
of your Total Credit Line will be available for Bank Cash Advances. You also und
erstand that if you have existing credit card accounts with Bank of America, we 
may utilize the available credit on the existing account(s) to approve your new 
credit card which could include moving credit from an account with a lower annua
l percentage rate and/or fee structure to a higher annual percentage rate and/or
 fee structure without increasing your overall credit limit. You accept that on 
a periodic basis your account may be considered for automatic upgrade at our dis
cretion. You consent to and authorize us, any of our affiliates, or our marketin
g associates to monitor and/or record any of your phone conversations with any o
f our representatives. You further consent to our use of automatic dialers, text
, or prerecorded messages for servicing your account even if the telephone numbe
r is a mobile telephone number for which the called party is charged. If additio
nal development is necessary based on the application information provided, we w
ill make every attempt to contact you.     FEATURES     Norwegian Cruise Line® W
orldPoints® Rewards Program Summary. The Norwegian Cruise Line® WorldPoints® rew
ards program is offered by and at the sole discretion of NCL (Bahamas) Ltd. d/b/
a Norwegian Cruise Line. Bank of America, N.A. is the issuer of all Norwegian Cr
uise Line Mastercard® accounts and the administrator of the rewards program asso
ciated with the credit cards. Participants are automatically enrolled in the rew
ards program at no additional cost. How You Earn Points: You earn points when yo
u use your card to make purchases, minus returns, credits and adjustments (“Net 
Purchases”). The following transactions are not considered Net Purchases and wil
l not earn points: Balance Transfers and Cash Advances (each as defined in your 
Credit Card Agreement), fees, interest charges, fraudulent transactions and cert
ain other charges. 1 Point: Earn 1 point (base point) for every $1 of Net Purcha
ses charged to the card each billing cycle. 3 Points: Earn 3 points (consisting 
of 2 bonus points and 1 base point) for every $1 spent on eligible Net Purchases
 charged through Norwegian Cruise Line. To qualify for the 3 points per $1 for N
orwegian Cruise Line Net Purchases, the eligible transaction must appear on your
 monthly credit card statement and contain either “Norwegian Cruise Line” or the
 name of a Norwegian Cruise Line vessel. Bonus Point Processing: Merchants are a
ssigned a merchant category code (MCC) based upon the merchant's primary line of
 business. We do not determine which MCC a merchant chooses to classify itself. 
We group similar MCCs into Bonus Categories to help you earn bonus rewards on pu
rchases made at specific merchants. Your purchase may not qualify to receive the
 bonus earn rate if the merchant does not process transactions under the MCC tha
t corresponds with the Bonus Category, or your purchase is processed through a t
hird-party payment account, mobile/wireless card reader, digital wallet not supp
orted by Bank of America or similar technology where the technology does not sup
port transmission of MCCs. For those Net Purchases, you will earn 1 base point p
er dollar. How You Use Your Points: Redeem points for travel, cash back, gift ca
rds, Norwegian onboard credits, upgrades, cruises and cruise discounts. Rewards 
begin at 2,500 points. The number of points required for an Air Reward will be d
etermined at the time of redemption. Cash rewards shall be issued for a U.S. dol
lar sum in the form of a statement credit, a check, or an electronic deposit to 
a Bank of America® checking or savings account, or a contribution to an eligible
 Cash Management Account® with Merrill Lynch Wealth Management® or Merrill Edge®
.  Points Expiration: Points expire 5 years after the month they were earned. Po
ints Forfeiture: If the owner(s) of the card account voluntarily closes the card
 account, or if for any reason we close the card account, any unredeemed points 
associated with the account are subject to immediate forfeiture, unless specific
ally authorized by us. Rewards Program Rules: Program Rules containing additiona
l details will be sent to you with your new account materials. Other significant
 terms apply. Program subject to change.   Bonus Points Offer. You will qualify 
for 10,000 bonus points if you use your new credit card account to make at least
 one transaction that posts to your account within 90 days of the account open d
ate. Limit 1 bonus points offer per new account. This one-time promotion is limi
ted to customers opening a new account in response to this offer and will not ap
ply to requests to convert existing accounts. Other advertised promotional bonus
 points offers can vary from this promotion and may not be substituted. Allow 8-
12 weeks from qualifying for the bonus points to post to your rewards balance. T
he value of this reward may constitute taxable income to you. You may be issued 
an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) that reflects 
the value of such reward. Please consult your tax advisor, as neither we, Norweg
ian Cruise Line, nor our affiliates, provide tax advice.   Mobile Banking. Mobil
e Banking requires that you download the Mobile Banking app and is only availabl
e for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply.Alerts. You may el
ect to receive alerts via text or email. Bank of America does not charge for thi
s service but your mobile carrier's message and data rates may apply. Delivery o
f alerts may be affected or delayed by your mobile carrier's coverage.   $0 Liab
ility Guarantee. The $0 Liability Guarantee covers fraudulent transactions made 
by others using your account. To be covered, don’t share personal or account inf
ormation with anyone. Claims may only be filed by the accountholder against post
ed and settled transactions subject to dollar limits and verification, including
 providing requested information supporting fraudulent use claim.   Text Banking
. Bank of America does not charge for Text Banking. However, your mobile service
 provider may charge for sending and receiving text messages on your mobile phon
e. Check with your service provider for details on specific fees and charges tha
t may apply.   Card Benefits. Certain restrictions apply to each benefit. Detail
s accompany new account materials.   Overdraft Protection. Overdraft transfers t
o your eligible Bank of America deposit account from your credit card account wi
ll be Bank Cash Advances under your Credit Card Agreement. Transfers will be sub
ject to the terms of both your Credit Card Agreement and the account agreement(s
) and disclosures governing your Bank of America deposit account. If you link yo
ur Bank of America deposit account to your credit card for Overdraft Protection,
 we will automatically transfer funds in multiples of $100 from your credit card
 account to cover any overdraft on your deposit account, as long as the portion 
of credit available for cash on your credit card account is sufficient and you a
re not in default under your Credit Card Agreement. A fee of $12 will apply for 
each transaction. The fee will not be assessed if your deposit account is overdr
awn by a total amount less than $12, after we finish processing for the day. The
 Bank Cash Advance will accrue interest at the APR stated in your Credit Card Ag
reement. Overdraft Protection transfers incur interest charges from the transact
ion date. If the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card accoun
t is insufficient to cover the amount required by the overdraft (in the multiple
 of funds stated above), we may advance the funds even if it causes your credit 
card account to exceed your Cash Credit Line. Linking Overdraft Protection from 
your Bank of America credit card to your Bank of America deposit account will en
d any other Overdraft Protection connections to your deposit account. Please see
 your Credit Card Agreement for additional details.    BALANCE TRANSFERS If the 
total amount you request exceeds your Total Credit Line, we may send full or par
tial payment to your creditors in the order you provide them to us. Allow at lea
st 2 weeks from account opening for processing. Continue paying each creditor un
til the transfer appears as a credit. Balance Transfers incur interest charges f
rom the transaction date. If you revolve your balance to take advantage of a pro
motional or introductory offer, all transactions and balances, including purchas
es, will be charged interest. The Balance Transfer fee is 3% of the amount of th
e transaction (min. $10). If you have a dispute with a creditor and pay that bal
ance by transferring it to your new account, you may lose certain dispute rights
. Balance Transfers may not be used to pay off or pay down any account issued by
 Bank of America, N.A. or its affiliates.        The information in this offer i
s updated regularly, but may have changed since the last update. The Bank of Ame
rica® Privacy Notice is available at bankofamerica.com/privacy and accompanies t
he Credit Card Agreement.   This credit card program is issued and administered 
by Bank of America, N.A. Any account opened in response to this application shal
l be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina. Deposit products and s
ervices are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC
 and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. The rewards progr
am is managed in part by independent third parties, the State Seller of Travel r
egistration numbers for Orbitz, LLC in the states that require registration are:
 California CST 2063530-50 (registration as a seller of travel does not constitu
te approval by the State of California). This Seller of Travel is not a particip
ant in the California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund. California law requires 
certain sellers of travel to have a trust account or bond. This business has a b
ond issued by Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland in the amount of $50,000.
 Washington: 602 108 724. Mastercard and World Mastercard are registered tradema
rks of Mastercard International Incorporated, and are used by the issuer pursuan
t to license. WorldPoints, Bank of America, Merrill Edge, Merrill Lynch Wealth M
anagement, Cash Management Account and the Bank of America logo are registered t
rademarks of Bank of America Corporation. All other company and product names an
d logos are the property of others and their use does not imply endorsement of, 
or an association with, the rewards program. ©2018 Bank of America Corporation