†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information   Account terms are not guarant
eed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transacti
ons, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law 
based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategi
es, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are full
y informed about the terms of this credit card offer.     Interest Rates and Int
erest Charges       Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases    0% Introductor
y APR for the first 12 Statement Closing Dates following the opening of your acc
ount.After that, your APR will be 14.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthine
ss when you open your account. This APR will vary with the market based on the P
rime Rate.     APR for Balance Transfers    0% Introductory APR for the first 12
 Statement Closing Dates following the opening of your account for transactions 
made within 60 days of opening your account. After that, your APR will be 14.49%
 to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account. This APR 
will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     APR for Cash Advances   1
7.49% to 26.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account, for 
Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances, and26.49% for Bank Cash Advances. See fo
otnote Footnote  1 for explanation.These APRs will vary with the market based on
 the Prime Rate.     Penalty APRand When it Applies   Up to 29.99%, based on you
r creditworthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Th
is APR may be applied to new transactions on your account if you:    • Make a la
te payment.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If your APRs are increased, the
 Penalty APR will apply indefinitely.     How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purcha
ses   Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. W
e will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance b
y the due date each month.     Minimum Interest Charge   If you are charged inte
rest, the charge will be no less than $1.50.     For Credit Card Tips from the C
onsumer Financial Protection Bureau   To learn more about factors to consider wh
en applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financ
ial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore     Please see
 the next page for a continuation of the Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Inf
ormation.     Fees       Annual Fee   None     Transaction Fees           • Purc
hase   Purchase of a wire transfer from a non-financial institution: Either $10 
or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater.       • Balance T
ransfer   Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is great
er.       • Cash Advance   Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances:  Either $10 o
r 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater.ATM, Over-the-Count
er, Same-Day Online and Cash Equivalent Cash Advances:Either $10 or 5% of the am
ount of each transaction, whichever is greater. Overdraft Protection Cash Advanc
e (if enrolled): $12 for each transaction.       • Foreign Transaction   3% of t
he U.S. dollar amount of each transaction (1) made in a foreign currency, or (2)
 made in U.S. dollars if the transaction is made or processed outside of the Uni
ted States. This fee will be in addition to any other applicable fee.     Penalt
y Fees           • Late Payment   Up to $38       • Returned Payment   Up to $27
       How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called “average daily
 balance (including new purchases).”Payments are allocated to posted balances. I
f your account has balances with different APRs, we will allocate the amount of 
your payment equal to the Total Minimum Payment Due to the lowest APR balances f
irst. Payment amounts in excess of your Total Minimum Payment Due will be applie
d to balances with higher APRs before balances with lower APRs.1 Bank Cash Advan
ces include ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online, Overdraft Protection and Cas
h Equivalent (money orders, foreign currency, travelers checks, or to obtain cas
h, from a non-financial institution, or person-to-person money transfers, bets, 
lottery tickets purchased outside the United States, casino gaming chips and bai
l bonds) Cash Advances. More Information about Penalty Fees and Penalty APRPenal
ty Fees: If your Total Minimum Payment Due is not received by your Payment Due D
ate, a Late Payment Fee of $27 will be assessed; $38 for subsequent occurrences 
that are within 6 billing cycles of a previous occurrence. However, the Late Pay
ment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that was due. If your balance
 is $100 or less on the Payment Due Date, we will not assess a Late Payment Fee.
 The Returned Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that was due
. Penalty APR: Your Penalty APR will not exceed 29.99% on new transactions. Ther
e is no Penalty APR on existing balances.Prime Rate: The Variable APRs above are
 based on the current Prime Rate of 4.75%.       CONDITIONS      By submitting t
his application, you: (1) acknowledge that you have reviewed the credit card Ter
ms and Conditions; and (2) agree to submit your application for this credit card
 subject to those Terms and Conditions. The words “you” and “your” apply to each
 person who submits the application. You have read the accompanying application,
 and you affirm that everything you have stated is true and complete. You are at
 least 18 years of age or you are at least 21 years of age if a permanent reside
nt of Puerto Rico. You authorize Bank of America, N.A. (hereinafter “we”, “us” o
r “our”) to obtain your credit report(s), employment history and any other infor
mation in order to approve or decline this application, service your account, an
d manage our relationship with you. If you ask, we will tell you the name and ad
dress of any consumer reporting agency that provided such report(s) to us. You c
onsent to our sharing of information about you and your account with the organiz
ation, if any, endorsing this credit card program. You authorize us to share wit
h others, to the extent permitted by law, such information and our credit experi
ence with you. In addition, you may as a customer later indicate a preference to
 exempt your account from some of the information-sharing with other companies (
“opt-out”). If you accept or use an account, you do so subject to the terms of t
his application, the “Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information” and the C
redit Card Agreement, as it may be amended; you also agree to pay and/or to be h
eld jointly and severally liable for all charges incurred under such terms. Any 
changes you make to the terms of this application will have no effect. You under
stand that the Annual Percentage Rate you receive will be determined based on yo
ur creditworthiness. You understand that only a portion of your Total Credit Lin
e will be available for Bank Cash Advances. You also understand that if you have
 existing credit card accounts with Bank of America, we may utilize the availabl
e credit on the existing account(s) to approve your new credit card which could 
include moving credit from an account with a lower annual percentage rate and/or
 fee structure to a higher annual percentage rate and/or fee structure without i
ncreasing your overall credit limit. You accept that on a periodic basis your ac
count may be considered for automatic upgrade at our discretion. You consent to 
and authorize us, any of our affiliates, or our marketing associates to monitor 
and/or record any of your phone conversations with any of our representatives. Y
ou further consent to our use of automatic dialers, text, or prerecorded message
s for servicing your account even if the telephone number is a mobile telephone 
number for which the called party is charged. If additional development is neces
sary based on the application information provided, we will make every attempt t
o contact you.     FEATURES     Bank of America® Cash Rewards Program Informatio
n. How You Earn Cash Rewards: Earn cash rewards when you use your card to make p
urchases, minus returns, credits and adjustments (“Net Purchases”). The followin
g transactions are not considered Net Purchases and will not earn cash rewards: 
Balance Transfers and Cash Advances (each as defined in your Credit Card Agreeme
nt), fees, interest charges, fraudulent transactions and certain other charges. 
1% Base Cash Rewards: Earn 1% cash back (equal to $0.01) for every $1 of Net Pur
chases charged to the card each billing cycle. 2% Bonus Category: Earn a total o
f 2% cash back (equal to $0.02, consisting of 1% bonus cash rewards and 1% base 
cash rewards) for every $1 of Net Purchases made at eligible grocery store merch
ants and wholesale clubs, which include supermarkets, freezer/meat lockers, cand
y, nut or confection stores, dairy product stores, and bakeries. Excluded from t
his Bonus Category are superstores and smaller stores (like drugstores and conve
nience stores) that sell groceries and other products. 3% Bonus Category: Earn a
 total of 3% cash back (equal to $0.03, consisting of 2% bonus cash rewards and 
1% base cash rewards) for every $1 of Net Purchases made at eligible gas and fue
l merchants, which include merchants whose primary line of business is the sale 
of automotive gasoline that can be purchased inside the service station or at th
e automated fuel pump and gasoline purchased at boat marinas, as well as fuel de
alers whose primary line of business is the sale of heating oil, propane and oth
er fuels, such as kerosene. Purchases made at merchants whose primary line of bu
siness is not the sale of automotive gasoline or fuel, like superstores, superma
rkets and truck stops will not earn bonus cash rewards. Bonus Category Cap: Groc
ery store, Wholesale club and Gas purchases earn bonus cash rewards on the first
 $2,500 of combined Net Purchases made each calendar quarter. Once the $2,500 qu
arterly limit is reached, you will earn base cash rewards of 1% for those purcha
ses. Bonus Category Processing: Merchants are assigned a merchant category code 
(MCC) based on the merchant's primary line of business. We do not determine whic
h MCC a merchant chooses to classify itself. We group similar MCCs into Bonus Ca
tegories to help you earn bonus rewards on purchases made at specific merchants.
 Your purchase may not qualify to receive the bonus earn rate if the merchant do
es not process transactions under the MCC that corresponds with the Bonus Catego
ry, or your purchase is processed through a third-party payment account, mobile/
wireless card reader, digital wallet not supported by Bank of America or similar
 technology where the technology does not support transmission of MCCs. For thos
e Net Purchases, you will earn base cash rewards of 1%. Not all merchants accept
 all credit cards. Rewards Redemption: When your cash rewards balance is $25 or 
more, you can redeem your cash rewards for a statement credit, a check, or an el
ectronic deposit into a Bank of America® checking or savings account, or a contr
ibution to an eligible Cash Management Account® with Merrill Lynch Wealth Manage
ment® or Merrill Edge®. Cash rewards shall be issued for a U.S. dollar sum and m
ay be requested on demand, or by registering for automatic redemption. 10% Custo
mer Bonus: Cash rewards redeemed into a Bank of America® checking or savings acc
ount or an eligible Cash Management Account® with Merrill Lynch Wealth Managemen
t® or Merrill Edge® will receive a 10% customer bonus at the time of redemption 
($25 redeemed in cash rewards = $27.50 deposit). The Customer Bonus is not earne
d on cash rewards redeemed for a statement credit or check. Rewards Expiration: 
As long as your account remains in good standing, cash rewards do not expire. Re
wards Forfeiture: If the owner(s) of the card account voluntarily closes the car
d account, or if for any reason we close the card account, any unredeemed cash r
ewards associated with the account are subject to immediate forfeiture, unless s
pecifically authorized by us. Rewards Program Rules: Program Rules containing ad
ditional details will be sent to you with your new account materials. Other sign
ificant terms apply. Program subject to change.   Bonus Cash Rewards Offer. You 
will qualify for $150 bonus cash rewards if you use your new credit card account
 to make any combination of Purchase transactions totaling at least $500 (exclus
ive of any fees, returns and adjustments) that post to your account within 90 da
ys of the account open date. Limit 1 bonus cash rewards offer per new account. T
his one-time promotion is limited to customers opening a new account in response
 to this offer and will not apply to requests to convert existing accounts. Othe
r advertised promotional bonus cash rewards offers can vary from this promotion 
and may not be substituted. Allow 8-12 weeks from qualifying for the bonus cash 
rewards to post to your rewards balance. The value of this reward may constitute
 taxable income to you. You may be issued an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 
(or other appropriate form) that reflects the value of such reward. Please consu
lt your tax advisor, as neither we, nor our affiliates, provide tax advice.   Mo
bile Banking. Mobile Banking requires that you download the Mobile Banking app a
nd is only available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply
.Alerts. You may elect to receive alerts via text or email. Bank of America does
 not charge for this service but your mobile carrier's message and data rates ma
y apply. Delivery of alerts may be affected or delayed by your mobile carrier's 
coverage.   $0 Liability Guarantee. The $0 Liability Guarantee covers fraudulent
 transactions made by others using your account. To be covered, don’t share pers
onal or account information with anyone. Claims may only be filed by the account
holder against posted and settled transactions subject to dollar limits and veri
fication, including providing requested information supporting fraudulent use cl
aim.   Text Banking. Bank of America does not charge for Text Banking. However, 
your mobile service provider may charge for sending and receiving text messages 
on your mobile phone. Check with your service provider for details on specific f
ees and charges that may apply.   Card Benefits. Certain restrictions apply to e
ach benefit. Details accompany new account materials.   Overdraft Protection. Ov
erdraft transfers to your eligible Bank of America deposit account from your cre
dit card account will be Bank Cash Advances under your Credit Card Agreement. Tr
ansfers will be subject to the terms of both your Credit Card Agreement and the 
account agreement(s) and disclosures governing your Bank of America deposit acco
unt. If you link your Bank of America deposit account to your credit card for Ov
erdraft Protection, we will automatically transfer funds in multiples of $100 fr
om your credit card account to cover any overdraft on your deposit account, as l
ong as the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card account is s
ufficient and you are not in default under your Credit Card Agreement. A fee of 
$12 will apply for each transaction. The fee will not be assessed if your deposi
t account is overdrawn by a total amount less than $12, after we finish processi
ng for the day. The Bank Cash Advance will accrue interest at the APR stated in 
your Credit Card Agreement. Overdraft Protection transfers incur interest charge
s from the transaction date. If the portion of credit available for cash on your
 credit card account is insufficient to cover the amount required by the overdra
ft (in the multiple of funds stated above), we may advance the funds even if it 
causes your credit card account to exceed your Cash Credit Line. Linking Overdra
ft Protection from your Bank of America credit card to your Bank of America depo
sit account will end any other Overdraft Protection connections to your deposit 
account. Please see your Credit Card Agreement for additional details.    BALANC
E TRANSFERS If the total amount you request exceeds your Total Credit Line, we m
ay send full or partial payment to your creditors in the order you provide them 
to us. Allow at least 2 weeks from account opening for processing. Continue payi
ng each creditor until the transfer appears as a credit. Balance Transfers incur
 interest charges from the transaction date. If you revolve your balance to take
 advantage of a promotional or introductory offer, all transactions and balances
, including purchases, will be charged interest. The Balance Transfer fee is 3% 
of the amount of the transaction (min. $10). If you have a dispute with a credit
or and pay that balance by transferring it to your new account, you may lose cer
tain dispute rights. Balance Transfers may not be used to pay off or pay down an
y account issued by Bank of America, N.A. or its affiliates.        The informat
ion in this offer is updated regularly, but may have changed since the last upda
te. The Bank of America® Privacy Notice is available at bankofamerica.com/privac
y and accompanies the Credit Card Agreement.   This credit card program is issue
d and administered by Bank of America, N.A. Any account opened in response to th
is application shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina. Dep
osit products and services are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated 
banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation
. Mastercard and World Mastercard are registered trademarks of Mastercard Intern
ational Incorporated, and are used by the issuer pursuant to license. Merrill Ed
ge, Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, Cash Management Account, Bank of America an
d the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporat
ion. Major League Baseball trademarks and copyrights are used with permission of
 Major League Baseball Properties, Inc. Visit MLB.com. ©2018 Bank of America Cor
poration