†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information   Account terms are not guarant
eed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transacti
ons, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law 
based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategi
es, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are full
y informed about the terms of this credit card offer.     Interest Rates and Int
erest Charges       Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases    17.49% to 24.4
9%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account.After that, your A
PR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     APR for Balance Transf
ers    17.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your accou
nt.After that, your APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     A
PR for Cash Advances   20.49% to 26.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you
 open your account, for Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances, and26.49% for Ba
nk Cash Advances. See footnote Footnote  1 for explanation.These APRs will vary 
with the market based on the Prime Rate.     Penalty APRand When it Applies   Up
 to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.This APR will vary with the market ba
sed on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied to new transactions on your accoun
t if you:    • Make a late payment.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If your
 APRs are increased, the Penalty APR will apply indefinitely.     How to Avoid P
aying Interest on Purchases   Your due date is at least 25 days after the close 
of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you p
ay your entire balance by the due date each month.     Minimum Interest Charge  
 If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $1.50.     For Cre
dit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau   To learn more abou
t factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the websit
e of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/
learnmore     Please see the next page for a continuation of the Details of Rate
, Fee and Other Cost Information.     Fees       Annual Fee   $95     Transactio
n Fees           • Purchase   Purchase of a wire transfer from a non-financial i
nstitution: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is gre
ater.       • Balance Transfer   Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transact
ion, whichever is greater.       • Cash Advance   Direct Deposit and Check Cash 
Advances:  Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is grea
ter.ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online and Cash Equivalent Cash Advances:Eit
her $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater. Overdraft
 Protection Cash Advance (if enrolled): $12 for each transaction.       • Foreig
n Transaction   None     Penalty Fees           • Late Payment   Up to $38      
 • Returned Payment   Up to $27       How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use
 a method called “average daily balance (including new purchases).”Payments are 
allocated to posted balances. If your account has balances with different APRs, 
we will allocate the amount of your payment equal to the Total Minimum Payment D
ue to the lowest APR balances first. Payment amounts in excess of your Total Min
imum Payment Due will be applied to balances with higher APRs before balances wi
th lower APRs.1 Bank Cash Advances include ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Onlin
e, Overdraft Protection and Cash Equivalent (money orders, foreign currency, tra
velers checks, or to obtain cash, from a non-financial institution, or person-to
-person money transfers, bets, lottery tickets purchased outside the United Stat
es, casino gaming chips and bail bonds) Cash Advances. More Information about Pe
nalty Fees and Penalty APRPenalty Fees: If your Total Minimum Payment Due is not
 received by your Payment Due Date, a Late Payment Fee of $27 will be assessed; 
$38 for subsequent occurrences that are within 6 billing cycles of a previous oc
currence. However, the Late Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum paymen
t that was due. If your balance is $100 or less on the Payment Due Date, we will
 not assess a Late Payment Fee. The Returned Payment Fee will not exceed the tot
al minimum payment that was due. Penalty APR: Your Penalty APR will not exceed 2
9.99% on new transactions. There is no Penalty APR on existing balances.Prime Ra
te: The Variable APRs above are based on the current Prime Rate of 4.75%.       
CONDITIONS      By submitting this application, you: (1) acknowledge that you ha
ve reviewed the credit card Terms and Conditions; and (2) agree to submit your a
pplication for this credit card subject to those Terms and Conditions. The words
 “you” and “your” apply to each person who submits the application. You have rea
d the accompanying application, and you affirm that everything you have stated i
s true and complete. You are at least 18 years of age or you are at least 21 yea
rs of age if a permanent resident of Puerto Rico. You authorize Bank of America,
 N.A. (hereinafter “we”, “us” or “our”) to obtain your credit report(s), employm
ent history and any other information in order to approve or decline this applic
ation, service your account, and manage our relationship with you. If you ask, w
e will tell you the name and address of any consumer reporting agency that provi
ded such report(s) to us. This product will not be available to you if you 1) cu
rrently have a Premium Rewards card account or 2) were approved for a Premium Re
wards card account in the last 24 months. You consent to our sharing of informat
ion about you and your account with the organization, if any, endorsing this cre
dit card program. You authorize us to share with others, to the extent permitted
 by law, such information and our credit experience with you. In addition, you m
ay as a customer later indicate a preference to exempt your account from some of
 the information-sharing with other companies (“opt-out”). If you accept or use 
an account, you do so subject to the terms of this application, the “Details of 
Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information” and the Credit Card Agreement, as it may b
e amended; you also agree to pay and/or to be held jointly and severally liable 
for all charges incurred under such terms. Any changes you make to the terms of 
this application will have no effect. You understand that the Annual Percentage 
Rate you receive will be determined based on your creditworthiness. If approved 
for an account, your credit line will be at least $5,000. You understand that on
ly a portion of your Total Credit Line will be available for Bank Cash Advances.
 You also understand that if you have existing credit card accounts with Bank of
 America, we may utilize the available credit on the existing account(s) to appr
ove your new credit card which could include moving credit from an account with 
a lower annual percentage rate and/or fee structure to a higher annual percentag
e rate and/or fee structure without increasing your overall credit limit. You ac
cept that on a periodic basis your account may be considered for automatic upgra
de at our discretion. You consent to and authorize us, any of our affiliates, or
 our marketing associates to monitor and/or record any of your phone conversatio
ns with any of our representatives. You further consent to our use of automatic 
dialers, text, or prerecorded messages for servicing your account even if the te
lephone number is a mobile telephone number for which the called party is charge
d. If additional development is necessary based on the application information p
rovided, we will make every attempt to contact you.     FEATURES     Bank of Ame
rica® Premium Rewards® Program Information. How You Earn Points: You earn points
 when you use your card to make purchases, minus returns, credits and adjustment
s (“Net Purchases”). The following transactions are not considered Net Purchases
 and will not earn points: Balance Transfers and Cash Advances (each as defined 
in your Credit Card Agreement), fees, interest charges, fraudulent transactions 
and certain other charges. Unlimited 1.5 Points: Earn 1.5 base points for every 
$1 of Net Purchases (non-Travel and Dining) charged to the card each billing cyc
le. 2 Points: Earn 2 base points for every $1 of Net Purchases made with the car
d in the Travel and Dining category, with no limit on the number of points you c
an earn. Travel and Dining Category: Dining includes Restaurants, including Fast
 Food, and Drinking Establishments, such as Bars or Taverns. Travel includes: ai
rlines, hotels, motels, timeshares, trailer parks, motor home and recreational v
ehicle rentals, campgrounds, car rental agencies, truck and trailer rental, crui
se lines, travel agencies, tour operators and real estate agents, operators of p
assenger trains, buses, taxis, limousines, ferries, boat rentals, parking lots a
nd garages, tolls and bridge fees, tourist attractions and exhibits like art gal
leries, amusement parks, carnivals, circuses, aquariums, zoos and the like. Purc
hases from some merchants that provide travel-related goods and services will no
t be eligible, like in-flight goods and services, and duty-free airport purchase
s. Travel and Dining Category Processing: Merchants are assigned a merchant cate
gory code (MCC) based on the merchant's primary line of business. We do not dete
rmine which MCC a merchant chooses to classify itself. We group similar MCCs int
o Categories to help you earn rewards on purchases made at specific merchants. Y
our purchase may not qualify to receive the Travel and Dining category earn rate
 if the merchant does not process transactions under the MCC that corresponds wi
th the Travel and Dining Category, or your purchase is processed through a third
-party payment account, mobile/wireless card reader, digital wallet not supporte
d by Bank of America or similar technology where the technology does not support
 transmission of MCCs. For those Net Purchases, you will earn 1.5 base points pe
r $1. Not all merchants accept all credit cards. How You Use Your Points: When y
our points balance is 2,500 points or more, you can redeem your points for cash 
rewards, including a statement credit, an electronic deposit into a Bank of Amer
ica® checking or savings account, a contribution to an eligible Cash Management 
Account® with Merrill Lynch Wealth Management® or Merrill Edge®, or College 529 
savings account held at Merrill Lynch. Points may also be redeemed for travel at
 the Travel Center, or gift cards. Cash rewards shall be issued for a U.S. dolla
r sum and may be requested on demand. Each point redeemed is worth $0.01 (2,500 
points = $25). Points Expiration: As long as your account remains in good standi
ng, points do not expire. Points Forfeiture: If the owner(s) of the card account
 voluntarily closes the card account, or if for any reason we close the card acc
ount, any unredeemed points associated with the account are subject to immediate
 forfeiture, unless specifically authorized by us. Rewards Program Rules: Progra
m Rules containing additional terms of your credit card rewards program will be 
sent to you with your new account materials. Other significant terms apply. Prog
ram subject to change.Airline Incidental Statement Credit. You are eligible for 
a statement credit of up to $100 each calendar year if you make qualifying airli
ne incidental transactions. To qualify, you must use your Premium Rewards® credi
t card to pay all airline incidental transactions. Allow 7 days from qualifying 
for the statement credit to post to your account. You are responsible for paymen
t of all charges until the statement credit posts to your account. Your account 
must be open and not in default at the time of statement credit fulfillment. Qua
lifying transactions are those purchases made on domestic-originated flights on 
certain U.S.-domestic airline carriers that include: preferred seating upgrades,
 ticket change/cancellation fees, checked baggage fees, in-flight entertainment,
 onboard food and beverage charges, and airport lounge fees affiliated with elig
ible airline carriers. Airline ticket purchases, mileage point purchases, mileag
e point transfer fees, gift cards, duty-free purchases, award tickets and fees i
ncurred with airline alliance partners do not qualify. Airline incidental fee tr
ansactions must be separate from airline ticket charges.Airport Security Stateme
nt Credit. You are entitled to one statement credit per account every four years
, in connection with either the TSA Pre✓® ($85) or Global Entry ($100) program. 
To qualify, you must use your Premium Rewards® credit card to pay the applicatio
n fee. Allow 7 days from qualifying, for the statement credit to post to your ac
count. You are responsible for payment of all charges until the statement credit
 posts to your account. If you apply for both programs, only one credit will be 
applied, to the fee that posts to the account first. Your account must be open a
nd not in default at the time of statement credit fulfillment. TSA Pre✓® is a U.
S. Government program, operated by the U.S. Transportation Security Administrati
on (TSA). Global Entry is a U.S. Government program, operated by U.S. Customs an
d Border Protection (CBP). Bank of America has no control over either program in
cluding, but not limited to, applications, approval process or enrollment, or fe
es charged by CBP or TSA, and no liability regarding the Global Entry or TSA Pre
✓® programs. For complete details on the TSA Pre✓® program, go to tsa.gov. For c
omplete details on the Global Entry program, go to globalentry.gov. The TSA Pre✓
® trademark is used with the permission of the U.S. Department of Homeland Secur
ity.   Bonus Points Offer. You will qualify for 50,000 bonus points if you use y
our new credit card account to make any combination of Purchase transactions tot
aling at least $3,000 (exclusive of any fees, returns and adjustments) that post
 to your account within 90 days of the account open date. Limit 1 bonus points o
ffer per new account. This one-time promotion is limited to customers opening a 
new account in response to this offer and will not apply to requests to convert 
existing accounts. Other advertised promotional bonus points offers can vary fro
m this promotion and may not be substituted. Allow 8-12 weeks from qualifying fo
r the bonus points to post to your rewards balance. The value of this reward may
 constitute taxable income to you. You may be issued an Internal Revenue Service
 Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) that reflects the value of such reward. P
lease consult your tax advisor, as neither we, nor our affiliates, provide tax a
dvice.   Mobile Banking. Mobile Banking requires that you download the Mobile Ba
nking app and is only available for select mobile devices. Message and data rate
s may apply.Alerts. You may elect to receive alerts via text or email. Bank of A
merica does not charge for this service but your mobile carrier's message and da
ta rates may apply. Delivery of alerts may be affected or delayed by your mobile
 carrier's coverage.   $0 Liability Guarantee. The $0 Liability Guarantee covers
 fraudulent transactions made by others using your account. To be covered, don’t
 share personal or account information with anyone. Claims may only be filed by 
the accountholder against posted and settled transactions subject to dollar limi
ts and verification, including providing requested information supporting fraudu
lent use claim.   FICO® Score Program. The FICO® Score Program is for educationa
l purposes and for your non-commercial, personal use. This benefit is available 
only for primary cardholders with an open and active consumer credit card accoun
t who have a FICO® Score available. The feature is accessible through Online Ban
king, the Mobile website, and the Mobile Banking app for iPhone and Android devi
ces. FICO is a registered trademark of Fair Isaac Corporation in the United Stat
es and other countries. Data connection required. Wireless carrier fees may appl
y.   Text Banking. Bank of America does not charge for Text Banking. However, yo
ur mobile service provider may charge for sending and receiving text messages on
 your mobile phone. Check with your service provider for details on specific fee
s and charges that may apply.   Card Benefits. Certain restrictions apply to eac
h benefit. Details accompany new account materials.   Overdraft Protection. Over
draft transfers to your eligible Bank of America deposit account from your credi
t card account will be Bank Cash Advances under your Credit Card Agreement. Tran
sfers will be subject to the terms of both your Credit Card Agreement and the ac
count agreement(s) and disclosures governing your Bank of America deposit accoun
t. If you link your Bank of America deposit account to your credit card for Over
draft Protection, we will automatically transfer funds in multiples of $100 from
 your credit card account to cover any overdraft on your deposit account, as lon
g as the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card account is suf
ficient and you are not in default under your Credit Card Agreement. A fee of $1
2 will apply for each transaction. The fee will not be assessed if your deposit 
account is overdrawn by a total amount less than $12, after we finish processing
 for the day. The Bank Cash Advance will accrue interest at the APR stated in yo
ur Credit Card Agreement. Overdraft Protection transfers incur interest charges 
from the transaction date. If the portion of credit available for cash on your c
redit card account is insufficient to cover the amount required by the overdraft
 (in the multiple of funds stated above), we may advance the funds even if it ca
uses your credit card account to exceed your Cash Credit Line. Linking Overdraft
 Protection from your Bank of America credit card to your Bank of America deposi
t account will end any other Overdraft Protection connections to your deposit ac
count. Please see your Credit Card Agreement for additional details.    BALANCE 
TRANSFERS If the total amount you request exceeds your Total Credit Line, we may
 send full or partial payment to your creditors in the order you provide them to
 us. Allow at least 2 weeks from account opening for processing. Continue paying
 each creditor until the transfer appears as a credit. Balance Transfers incur i
nterest charges from the transaction date. If you revolve your balance to take a
dvantage of a promotional or introductory offer, all transactions and balances, 
including purchases, will be charged interest. The Balance Transfer fee is 3% of
 the amount of the transaction (min. $10). If you have a dispute with a creditor
 and pay that balance by transferring it to your new account, you may lose certa
in dispute rights. Balance Transfers may not be used to pay off or pay down any 
account issued by Bank of America, N.A. or its affiliates.        The informatio
n in this offer is updated regularly, but may have changed since the last update
. The Bank of America® Privacy Notice is available at bankofamerica.com/privacy 
and accompanies the Credit Card Agreement.   This credit card program is issued 
and administered by Bank of America, N.A. Any account opened in response to this
 application shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina. Depos
it products and services are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated ba
nks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. 
Visa and Visa Signature are registered trademarks of Visa International Service 
Association, and are used by the issuer pursuant to license from Visa U.S.A. Inc
. Premium Rewards, Merrill Edge, Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, Cash Managemen
t Account, Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademark
s of Bank of America Corporation. ©2018 Bank of America Corporation