†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information   Account terms are not guarant
eed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transacti
ons, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law 
based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategi
es, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are full
y informed about the terms of this credit card offer.     Interest Rates and Int
erest Charges       Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases    16.49% to 24.4
9%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account.After that, your A
PR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     APR for Balance Transf
ers    16.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your accou
nt.After that, your APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     A
PR for Cash Advances   19.49% to 26.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you
 open your account, for Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances, and26.49% for Ba
nk Cash Advances. See footnote Footnote  1 for explanation.These APRs will vary 
with the market based on the Prime Rate.     Penalty APRand When it Applies   Up
 to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.This APR will vary with the market ba
sed on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied to new transactions on your accoun
t if you:    • Make a late payment.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If your
 APRs are increased, the Penalty APR will apply indefinitely.     How to Avoid P
aying Interest on Purchases   Your due date is at least 25 days after the close 
of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you p
ay your entire balance by the due date each month.     Minimum Interest Charge  
 If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $1.50.     For Cre
dit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau   To learn more abou
t factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the websit
e of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/
learnmore     Please see the next page for a continuation of the Details of Rate
, Fee and Other Cost Information.     Fees       Annual Fee   NOTICE: The annual
 fee is scheduled to be assessed before you begin using your card and will reduc
e the amount of credit you initially have available. For example, if you are ass
igned the minimum credit limit of $500, your initial available credit will be on
ly about $401.$99     Transaction Fees           • Purchase   Purchase of a wire
 transfer from a non-financial institution: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of ea
ch transaction, whichever is greater.       • Balance Transfer   Either $10 or 3
% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater.       • Cash Advance 
  Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances:  Either $10 or 3% of the amount of eac
h transaction, whichever is greater.ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online and C
ash Equivalent Cash Advances:Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction,
 whichever is greater. Overdraft Protection Cash Advance (if enrolled): $12 for 
each transaction.       • Foreign Transaction   None     Penalty Fees           
• Late Payment   Up to $38       • Returned Payment   Up to $27       How We Wil
l Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called “average daily balance (includi
ng new purchases).”Payments are allocated to posted balances. If your account ha
s balances with different APRs, we will allocate the amount of your payment equa
l to the Total Minimum Payment Due to the lowest APR balances first. Payment amo
unts in excess of your Total Minimum Payment Due will be applied to balances wit
h higher APRs before balances with lower APRs.1 Bank Cash Advances include ATM, 
Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online, Overdraft Protection and Cash Equivalent (mon
ey orders, foreign currency, travelers checks, or to obtain cash, from a non-fin
ancial institution, or person-to-person money transfers, bets, lottery tickets p
urchased outside the United States, casino gaming chips and bail bonds) Cash Adv
ances. More Information about Penalty Fees and Penalty APRPenalty Fees: If your 
Total Minimum Payment Due is not received by your Payment Due Date, a Late Payme
nt Fee of $27 will be assessed; $38 for subsequent occurrences that are within 6
 billing cycles of a previous occurrence. However, the Late Payment Fee will not
 exceed the total minimum payment that was due. If your balance is $100 or less 
on the Payment Due Date, we will not assess a Late Payment Fee. The Returned Pay
ment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that was due. Penalty APR: Yo
ur Penalty APR will not exceed 29.99% on new transactions. There is no Penalty A
PR on existing balances.Prime Rate: The Variable APRs above are based on the cur
rent Prime Rate of 4.75%.       CONDITIONS      By submitting this application, 
you: (1) acknowledge that you have reviewed the credit card Terms and Conditions
; and (2) agree to submit your application for this credit card subject to those
 Terms and Conditions. The words “you” and “your” apply to each person who submi
ts the application. You have read the accompanying application, and you affirm t
hat everything you have stated is true and complete. You are at least 18 years o
f age or you are at least 21 years of age if a permanent resident of Puerto Rico
. You authorize Bank of America, N.A. (hereinafter “we”, “us” or “our”) to obtai
n your credit report(s), employment history and any other information in order t
o approve or decline this application, service your account, and manage our rela
tionship with you. If you ask, we will tell you the name and address of any cons
umer reporting agency that provided such report(s) to us. You consent to our sha
ring of information about you and your account with the organization, if any, en
dorsing this credit card program. You authorize us to share with others, to the 
extent permitted by law, such information and our credit experience with you. In
 addition, you may as a customer later indicate a preference to exempt your acco
unt from some of the information-sharing with other companies (“opt-out”). If yo
u accept or use an account, you do so subject to the terms of this application, 
the “Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information” and the Credit Card Agreem
ent, as it may be amended; you also agree to pay and/or to be held jointly and s
everally liable for all charges incurred under such terms. Any changes you make 
to the terms of this application will have no effect. You understand that if you
r application is approved with a credit line that is greater than or equal to $5
,000, you will receive a Visa Signature® account; if your credit line is less th
an $5,000, you will receive a Platinum account. The benefits for Platinum accoun
ts differ from Visa Signature® accounts. You also understand that the Annual Per
centage Rate you receive will be determined based on your creditworthiness. You 
understand that only a portion of your Total Credit Line will be available for B
ank Cash Advances. You also understand that if you have existing credit card acc
ounts with Bank of America, we may utilize the available credit on the existing 
account(s) to approve your new credit card which could include moving credit fro
m an account with a lower annual percentage rate and/or fee structure to a highe
r annual percentage rate and/or fee structure without increasing your overall cr
edit limit. You accept that on a periodic basis your account may be considered f
or automatic upgrade at our discretion. You consent to and authorize us, any of 
our affiliates, or our marketing associates to monitor and/or record any of your
 phone conversations with any of our representatives. You further consent to our
 use of automatic dialers, text, or prerecorded messages for servicing your acco
unt even if the telephone number is a mobile telephone number for which the call
ed party is charged. If additional development is necessary based on the applica
tion information provided, we will make every attempt to contact you.     FEATUR
ES     Asiana Airlines Credit Card Program Summary. Based on our review of your 
credit card application and creditworthiness, you may be approved for a (1) Visa
 Signature® account or a (2) Platinum Visa® account (or you may not be approved 
for a card at all). Please read your credit card program rules and new account m
aterials which will be mailed to you after your account is established. How You 
Earn Miles: You earn miles when you use your card to make purchases, minus retur
ns, credits and adjustments (“Net Purchases”). The following transactions are no
t considered Net Purchases and will not earn miles: Balance Transfers and Cash A
dvances (each as defined in your Credit Card Agreement), fees, interest charges,
 fraudulent transactions and certain other charges. 3 Miles:  Earn 3 miles (cons
isting of 2 bonus miles and 1 base mile) for every $1 spent on Asiana Airlines t
icket Net Purchases. 2 Miles:  Earn 2 miles (consisting of 1 bonus mile and 1 ba
se mile) for every $1 spent on Net Purchases at eligible gas and grocery store m
erchants. Eligible merchants for the Bonus Categories include: (a) Gas (represen
ting Service Stations &amp; Automated Fuel Dispensers - please note that superst
ores and wholesale clubs that sell gasoline are not considered service stations)
; and (b) Grocery Store (representing Grocery Stores/Supermarkets, Freezer/Meat 
Lockers, Candy/Nut/Confection Stores, Dairy Product Stores, Bakeries, and Misc. 
Food Stores - please note superstores, discount stores and wholesale clubs are n
ot included in this list). 1 Mile:  Earn 1 mile (base mile) for every $1 of all 
other Net Purchases. Bonus Mile Processing:  Merchants are assigned a merchant c
ategory code (MCC) based upon the merchant's primary line of business. We do not
 determine which MCC a merchant chooses to classify itself. We group similar MCC
s into Bonus Categories to help you earn bonus rewards on purchases made at spec
ific merchants. Your purchase may not qualify to receive the bonus earn rate if 
the merchant does not process transactions under the MCC that corresponds with t
he Bonus Category, or your purchase is processed through a third-party payment a
ccount, mobile/wireless card reader, digital wallet not supported by Bank of Ame
rica or similar technology where the technology does not support transmission of
 MCCs. For those Net Purchases, you will earn 1 base mile per dollar. We reserve
 the right to verify eligibility of all transactions. We may adjust your number 
of miles for any valid reason including use of the Account for an improper purpo
se. Bonus Category Cap:  You can earn a maximum of 200,000 miles on the Card eac
h calendar year, excluding first use bonus miles. Miles are not your property an
d have no cash value. How You Use Your Miles:  Miles earned through the use of t
he credit card are transmitted to Asiana Airlines. Earned miles can be redeemed 
for Asiana Airlines flights and upgrades. Visit flyasiana.com to learn more abou
t miles and rules about redemption. As An Asiana Cardholder, You Will Receive: O
ne (1) $100 annual rebate towards purchase of an Asiana Airlines ticket. Rebate 
will not be applied at time of ticket purchase. The $100 rebate amount will be c
redited to your credit card account within one to two billing cycles of the purc
hase of the ticket. The ticket must be purchased through Asiana Airlines using y
our Asiana Airlines credit card. Two (2) Asiana Lounge Invitations every year in
 the month of your anniversary date. The invitation must be presented with the c
redit card at Asiana's check-in counter to receive a complimentary pass. The inv
itations are valid at Asiana Airlines lounges operated in the U.S. only. The inv
itations are for the admission of the Asiana Club member only. Only one invitati
on per person per visit allowed to the Asiana lounge. Room capacity regulations 
may limit entry. Asiana reserves the right to refuse entry to members or guests 
acting in a manner in which would disrupt other guests. One (1) 10,000 Bonus mil
es Certificate every year in the month of your anniversary date. Certificate goo
d toward a choice of Asiana Airlines international or Korea domestic air ticket,
 cabin class upgrade or excess bag allowance. Asiana Club miles required to rede
em varies depending on the routes and seasons. An upgradable ticket must be purc
hased in order to use a cabin class upgrade certificate. Once certificate is red
eemed, the remaining miles of the certificate will not be added to your Asiana C
lub account. The excess baggage allowance is for Asiana operated U.S. departure 
flights only. The maximum weight allowed for the baggage varies depending on the
 routes. Certificate must be redeemed in the U.S. only. Certificate and Asiana A
irlines Visa® credit card from Bank of America must be presented at time of rede
mption. For reward air ticket redemption or cabin class upgrade, fax the certifi
cate to the Asiana reservation center at 213-380-1688 or an authorized agent. Fo
r excess baggage allowance, simply present your certificate at the Asiana check-
in counter. Certificate may not be used with any other Asiana Airlines fare and/
or promotion. Name on invitation, certificate and Asiana Airlines Visa credit ca
rd from Bank of America must match. Invitation and certificate expire on the dat
e indicated on the coupon. Passengers are responsible for all taxes, fees and su
rcharges. Blackout dates apply and are subject to seat availability. Invitation 
and certificate have no cash value and are not transferable, replaceable or endo
rsable. Asiana Airlines has the final authority regarding invitation and certifi
cate redemption. The value of these rewards may constitute taxable income to you
. You may be issued an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropriate 
form) that reflects the value of such reward. Please consult your tax advisor, a
s neither we, nor our affiliates, provide tax advice.  Miles Expiration and Forf
eiture: Miles are subject to expiration and forfeiture. See flyasiana.com for th
e Terms and Conditions that address miles expiration and forfeiture. Rewards Pro
gram Rules:  The Asiana Club program is offered and administered by Asiana Airli
nes and is not a product or program of Bank of America. All Asiana Club terms an
d conditions apply. Visit flyasiana.com for complete Asiana Club program details
. Your credit card Program Rules containing additional details will be sent to y
ou with your new account materials. Other significant terms apply. Program subje
ct to change.   Bonus Miles Offer.  You will qualify for 30,000 bonus miles if y
ou use your new credit card account to make any combination of Net Purchase tran
sactions totaling at least $3,000 (exclusive of any fees, including the annual f
ee, returns and adjustments) that post to the account within 90 days of the acco
unt open date. Limit 1 bonus miles offer per new account. This one-time promotio
n is limited to customers opening a new account in response to this offer and wi
ll not apply to requests to convert existing accounts. Other advertised promotio
nal bonus miles offers can vary from this promotion and may not be substituted. 
Allow 6-8 weeks from qualifying for the bonus miles to post to your rewards bala
nce. The value of this reward may constitute taxable income to you. You may be i
ssued an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) that ref
lects the value of such reward. Please consult your tax advisor, as neither we, 
nor our affiliates, provide tax advice.   Mobile Banking. Mobile Banking require
s that you download the Mobile Banking app and is only available for select mobi
le devices. Message and data rates may apply.Alerts. You may elect to receive al
erts via text or email. Bank of America does not charge for this service but you
r mobile carrier's message and data rates may apply. Delivery of alerts may be a
ffected or delayed by your mobile carrier's coverage.   $0 Liability Guarantee. 
The $0 Liability Guarantee covers fraudulent transactions made by others using y
our account. To be covered, don’t share personal or account information with any
one. Claims may only be filed by the accountholder against posted and settled tr
ansactions subject to dollar limits and verification, including providing reques
ted information supporting fraudulent use claim.   FICO® Score Program. The FICO
® Score Program is for educational purposes and for your non-commercial, persona
l use. This benefit is available only for primary cardholders with an open and a
ctive consumer credit card account who have a FICO® Score available. The feature
 is accessible through Online Banking, the Mobile website, and the Mobile Bankin
g app for iPhone and Android devices. FICO is a registered trademark of Fair Isa
ac Corporation in the United States and other countries. Data connection require
d. Wireless carrier fees may apply.   Text Banking. Bank of America does not cha
rge for Text Banking. However, your mobile service provider may charge for sendi
ng and receiving text messages on your mobile phone. Check with your service pro
vider for details on specific fees and charges that may apply.   Card Benefits. 
Certain restrictions apply to each benefit. Platinum card benefits differ from V
isa Signature® card benefits (i.e., coverage amounts vary and some benefits are 
not available). Details accompany new account materials.   Overdraft Protection.
 Overdraft transfers to your eligible Bank of America deposit account from your 
credit card account will be Bank Cash Advances under your Credit Card Agreement.
 Transfers will be subject to the terms of both your Credit Card Agreement and t
he account agreement(s) and disclosures governing your Bank of America deposit a
ccount. If you link your Bank of America deposit account to your credit card for
 Overdraft Protection, we will automatically transfer funds in multiples of $100
 from your credit card account to cover any overdraft on your deposit account, a
s long as the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card account i
s sufficient and you are not in default under your Credit Card Agreement. A fee 
of $12 will apply for each transaction. The fee will not be assessed if your dep
osit account is overdrawn by a total amount less than $12, after we finish proce
ssing for the day. The Bank Cash Advance will accrue interest at the APR stated 
in your Credit Card Agreement. Overdraft Protection transfers incur interest cha
rges from the transaction date. If the portion of credit available for cash on y
our credit card account is insufficient to cover the amount required by the over
draft (in the multiple of funds stated above), we may advance the funds even if 
it causes your credit card account to exceed your Cash Credit Line. Linking Over
draft Protection from your Bank of America credit card to your Bank of America d
eposit account will end any other Overdraft Protection connections to your depos
it account. Please see your Credit Card Agreement for additional details.    BAL
ANCE TRANSFERS If the total amount you request exceeds your Total Credit Line, w
e may send full or partial payment to your creditors in the order you provide th
em to us. Allow at least 2 weeks from account opening for processing. Continue p
aying each creditor until the transfer appears as a credit. Balance Transfers in
cur interest charges from the transaction date. If you revolve your balance to t
ake advantage of a promotional or introductory offer, all transactions and balan
ces, including purchases, will be charged interest. The Balance Transfer fee is 
3% of the amount of the transaction (min. $10). If you have a dispute with a cre
ditor and pay that balance by transferring it to your new account, you may lose 
certain dispute rights. Balance Transfers may not be used to pay off or pay down
 any account issued by Bank of America, N.A. or its affiliates.        The infor
mation in this offer is updated regularly, but may have changed since the last u
pdate. The Bank of America® Privacy Notice is available at bankofamerica.com/pri
vacy and accompanies the Credit Card Agreement.   This credit card program is is
sued and administered by Bank of America, N.A. Any account opened in response to
 this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina. 
Deposit products and services are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliat
ed banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporat
ion. Visa and Visa Signature are registered trademarks of Visa International Ser
vice Association, and are used by the issuer pursuant to license from Visa U.S.A
. Inc. Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks of
 Bank of America Corporation. ©2018 Bank of America Corporation