†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information   Account terms are not guarant
eed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transacti
ons, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law 
based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategi
es, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are full
y informed about the terms of this credit card offer.     Interest Rates and Int
erest Charges       Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases    14.49% to 24.4
9%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account.After that, your A
PR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     APR for Balance Transf
ers    14.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your accou
nt.After that, your APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     A
PR for Cash Advances   17.49% to 26.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you
 open your account, for Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances, and26.49% for Ba
nk Cash Advances. See footnote Footnote  1 for explanation.These APRs will vary 
with the market based on the Prime Rate.     Penalty APRand When it Applies   Up
 to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.This APR will vary with the market ba
sed on the Prime Rate.This APR may be applied to new transactions on your accoun
t if you:    • Make a late payment.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If your
 APRs are increased, the Penalty APR will apply indefinitely.     How to Avoid P
aying Interest on Purchases   Your due date is at least 25 days after the close 
of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you p
ay your entire balance by the due date each month.     Minimum Interest Charge  
 If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $1.50.     For Cre
dit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau   To learn more abou
t factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the websit
e of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/
learnmore     Please see the next page for a continuation of the Details of Rate
, Fee and Other Cost Information.     Fees       Annual Fee   $0 Introductory Fe
e for the first year. After that, your Annual Fee will be $59.     Transaction F
ees           • Purchase   Purchase of a wire transfer from a non-financial inst
itution: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greate
r.       • Balance Transfer   Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transaction
, whichever is greater.       • Cash Advance   Direct Deposit and Check Cash Adv
ances:  Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater
.ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online and Cash Equivalent Cash Advances:Either
 $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater. Overdraft Pr
otection Cash Advance (if enrolled): $12 for each transaction.       • Foreign T
ransaction   3% of the U.S. dollar amount of each transaction (1) made in a fore
ign currency, or (2) made in U.S. dollars if the transaction is made or processe
d outside of the United States. This fee will be in addition to any other applic
able fee.     Penalty Fees           • Late Payment   Up to $38       • Returned
 Payment   Up to $27       How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method c
alled “average daily balance (including new purchases).”Payments are allocated t
o posted balances. If your account has balances with different APRs, we will all
ocate the amount of your payment equal to the Total Minimum Payment Due to the l
owest APR balances first. Payment amounts in excess of your Total Minimum Paymen
t Due will be applied to balances with higher APRs before balances with lower AP
Rs.1 Bank Cash Advances include ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online, Overdraf
t Protection and Cash Equivalent (money orders, foreign currency, travelers chec
ks, or to obtain cash, from a non-financial institution, or person-to-person mon
ey transfers, bets, lottery tickets purchased outside the United States, casino 
gaming chips and bail bonds) Cash Advances. More Information about Penalty Fees 
and Penalty APRPenalty Fees: If your Total Minimum Payment Due is not received b
y your Payment Due Date, a Late Payment Fee of $27 will be assessed; $38 for sub
sequent occurrences that are within 6 billing cycles of a previous occurrence. H
owever, the Late Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that was 
due. If your balance is $100 or less on the Payment Due Date, we will not assess
 a Late Payment Fee. The Returned Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum 
payment that was due. Penalty APR: Your Penalty APR will not exceed 29.99% on ne
w transactions. There is no Penalty APR on existing balances.Prime Rate: The Var
iable APRs above are based on the current Prime Rate of 4.75%.       CONDITIONS 
     By submitting this application, you: (1) acknowledge that you have reviewed
 the credit card Terms and Conditions; and (2) agree to submit your application 
for this credit card subject to those Terms and Conditions. The words “you” and 
“your” apply to each person who submits the application. You have read the accom
panying application, and you affirm that everything you have stated is true and 
complete. You are at least 18 years of age or you are at least 21 years of age i
f a permanent resident of Puerto Rico. You authorize Bank of America, N.A. (here
inafter “we”, “us” or “our”) to obtain your credit report(s), employment history
 and any other information in order to approve or decline this application, serv
ice your account, and manage our relationship with you. If you ask, we will tell
 you the name and address of any consumer reporting agency that provided such re
port(s) to us. You consent to our sharing of information about you and your acco
unt with the organization, if any, endorsing this credit card program. You autho
rize us to share with others, to the extent permitted by law, such information a
nd our credit experience with you. In addition, you may as a customer later indi
cate a preference to exempt your account from some of the information-sharing wi
th other companies (“opt-out”). If you accept or use an account, you do so subje
ct to the terms of this application, the “Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost In
formation” and the Credit Card Agreement, as it may be amended; you also agree t
o pay and/or to be held jointly and severally liable for all charges incurred un
der such terms. Any changes you make to the terms of this application will have 
no effect. You understand that the Annual Percentage Rate you receive will be de
termined based on your creditworthiness. You understand that only a portion of y
our Total Credit Line will be available for Bank Cash Advances. You also underst
and that if you have existing credit card accounts with Bank of America, we may 
utilize the available credit on the existing account(s) to approve your new cred
it card which could include moving credit from an account with a lower annual pe
rcentage rate and/or fee structure to a higher annual percentage rate and/or fee
 structure without increasing your overall credit limit. You accept that on a pe
riodic basis your account may be considered for automatic upgrade at our discret
ion. You consent to and authorize us, any of our affiliates, or our marketing as
sociates to monitor and/or record any of your phone conversations with any of ou
r representatives. You further consent to our use of automatic dialers, text, or
 prerecorded messages for servicing your account even if the telephone number is
 a mobile telephone number for which the called party is charged. If additional 
development is necessary based on the application information provided, we will 
make every attempt to contact you.     FEATURES     Spirit Airlines™ World Maste
rcard® Rewards Program Summary. If you are not a current member of the Spirit Ai
rlines™ FREE SPIRIT® Miles Program, you will automatically be enrolled upon card
 approval. How You Earn FREE SPIRIT® Miles: You earn miles when you use your car
d to make purchases, minus returns, credits and adjustments (“Net Purchases”). T
he following transactions are not considered Net Purchases and will not earn mil
es: Balance Transfers and Cash Advances (each as defined in your Credit Card Agr
eement), fees, interest charges, fraudulent transactions and certain other charg
es. 2 FREE SPIRIT Miles: Earn 2 miles for every $1 spent on Net Purchases charge
d to the card each billing cycle. Bonus FREE SPIRIT Miles: You will qualify for 
15,000 miles if you use your new credit card account to make at least one Purcha
se transaction (exclusive of any fees, including the annual fee, returns and adj
ustments) on your credit card. These bonus miles will be awarded within a week a
fter the close of your billing statement after you make your first purchase. Oth
er advertised promotional bonus miles offers can vary from this promotion and ma
y not be substituted.  Anniversary Bonus FREE SPIRIT Miles: Primary cardholders 
whose accounts are open and in good standing on their annual account anniversary
 and have a total spend of at least $10,000 in Net Purchases (exclusive of any f
ees, including the annual fee, returns and adjustments) on their card within the
 anniversary year will be awarded 5,000 bonus miles. Earned anniversary miles wi
ll be posted to your miles account each year within four to six weeks of the car
d account anniversary date. The value of this reward may constitute taxable inco
me to you. You may be issued an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other app
ropriate form) that reflects the value of such reward. Please consult your tax a
dvisor, as neither we, nor our affiliates, provide tax advice.  FREE SPIRIT Dini
ng Rewards: Your card will be automatically enrolled in the FREE SPIRIT Dining R
ewards program by Rewards Network and a Welcome Kit will be sent to you explaini
ng your restaurant dining earning opportunities. Earn up to 5 miles per qualifyi
ng $1 spent on Net Purchases at select restaurants. Visit freespiritdining.com f
or a complete list of participating restaurants. Miles earned through the FREE S
PIRIT Dining Rewards program will be posted to your FREE SPIRIT account.  How Yo
u Use Your FREE SPIRIT Miles: Redeem for flights with Spirit Airlines. Please vi
sit spirit.com to redeem your miles. As a Spirit Airlines World Mastercard cardh
older, you will receive access to special reduced award flight redemption levels
. The exact amount of miles needed for award redemptions depends on flight dista
nce (4 regions) and flight timing (off-peak, standard, peak). Redemptions start 
at just 2,500 miles for Region 1 Off-peak flights. Off-peak awards are available
 exclusively to cardholders who book the redemption flight using their Spirit Ai
rlines World Mastercard. Taxes and fees start at $5.60 per award flight - book o
nline and as early as possible to maximize savings. Award seats are limited and 
may not be available on all flights and dates. The quickest way to book your awa
rd ticket is to sign in at spirit.com and select the Miles option during your fl
ight search. Visit spirit.com/FreeSpiritUseMiles.aspx for more detailed informat
ion to learn about flight zones, award periods, redemption fees, and other terms
 and conditions.  Miles Expiration and Forfeiture: Please note that miles are su
bject to expiration and forfeiture. See spirit.com/Legal.aspx for the FREE SPIRI
T Miles Terms and Conditions that address miles expiration and forfeiture. Rewar
ds Program Rules: To maintain miles, you must be an Active Member of the FREE SP
IRIT Miles Program. All award travel is subject to the FREE SPIRIT Miles Program
 Terms and Conditions and is subject to taxes, fees, and certain restrictions. P
lease see spirit.com/awardtaxesandfees for more details. The FREE SPIRIT Miles P
rogram is offered and administered by Spirit Airlines and is not a product or pr
ogram of Bank of America. All FREE SPIRIT Miles Program terms and conditions app
ly. Visit spirit.com for complete FREE SPIRIT Miles Program details. Your credit
 card Program Rules containing additional details will be sent to you with your 
new account materials. Other significant terms apply. Program subject to change.
   Mobile Banking. Mobile Banking requires that you download the Mobile Banking 
app and is only available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may 
apply.Alerts. You may elect to receive alerts via text or email. Bank of America
 does not charge for this service but your mobile carrier's message and data rat
es may apply. Delivery of alerts may be affected or delayed by your mobile carri
er's coverage.   $0 Liability Guarantee. The $0 Liability Guarantee covers fraud
ulent transactions made by others using your account. To be covered, don’t share
 personal or account information with anyone. Claims may only be filed by the ac
countholder against posted and settled transactions subject to dollar limits and
 verification, including providing requested information supporting fraudulent u
se claim.   Text Banking. Bank of America does not charge for Text Banking. Howe
ver, your mobile service provider may charge for sending and receiving text mess
ages on your mobile phone. Check with your service provider for details on speci
fic fees and charges that may apply.   Card Benefits. Certain restrictions apply
 to each benefit. Details accompany new account materials.   Overdraft Protectio
n. Overdraft transfers to your eligible Bank of America deposit account from you
r credit card account will be Bank Cash Advances under your Credit Card Agreemen
t. Transfers will be subject to the terms of both your Credit Card Agreement and
 the account agreement(s) and disclosures governing your Bank of America deposit
 account. If you link your Bank of America deposit account to your credit card f
or Overdraft Protection, we will automatically transfer funds in multiples of $1
00 from your credit card account to cover any overdraft on your deposit account,
 as long as the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card account
 is sufficient and you are not in default under your Credit Card Agreement. A fe
e of $12 will apply for each transaction. The fee will not be assessed if your d
eposit account is overdrawn by a total amount less than $12, after we finish pro
cessing for the day. The Bank Cash Advance will accrue interest at the APR state
d in your Credit Card Agreement. Overdraft Protection transfers incur interest c
harges from the transaction date. If the portion of credit available for cash on
 your credit card account is insufficient to cover the amount required by the ov
erdraft (in the multiple of funds stated above), we may advance the funds even i
f it causes your credit card account to exceed your Cash Credit Line. Linking Ov
erdraft Protection from your Bank of America credit card to your Bank of America
 deposit account will end any other Overdraft Protection connections to your dep
osit account. Please see your Credit Card Agreement for additional details.    B
ALANCE TRANSFERS If the total amount you request exceeds your Total Credit Line,
 we may send full or partial payment to your creditors in the order you provide 
them to us. Allow at least 2 weeks from account opening for processing. Continue
 paying each creditor until the transfer appears as a credit. Balance Transfers 
incur interest charges from the transaction date. If you revolve your balance to
 take advantage of a promotional or introductory offer, all transactions and bal
ances, including purchases, will be charged interest. The Balance Transfer fee i
s 3% of the amount of the transaction (min. $10). If you have a dispute with a c
reditor and pay that balance by transferring it to your new account, you may los
e certain dispute rights. Balance Transfers may not be used to pay off or pay do
wn any account issued by Bank of America, N.A. or its affiliates.        The inf
ormation in this offer is updated regularly, but may have changed since the last
 update. The Bank of America® Privacy Notice is available at bankofamerica.com/p
rivacy and accompanies the Credit Card Agreement.   This credit card program is 
issued and administered by Bank of America, N.A. Any account opened in response 
to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina
. Deposit products and services are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affili
ated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corpor
ation. Mastercard and World Mastercard are registered trademarks of Mastercard I
nternational Incorporated, and are used by the issuer pursuant to license. Bank 
of America is a registered trademark of Bank of America Corporation. ©2018 Bank 
of America Corporation