†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information 
  Account terms are not guaranteed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transactions, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategies, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are fully informed about the terms of this credit card offer.
 
    Interest Rates and Interest Charges 
 
 
    Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases 
   17.24% to 25.24%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account.After that, your APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
 
   APR for Balance Transfers 
   17.24% to 25.24%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account.After that, your APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
 
   APR for Cash Advances 
  20.24% to 27.24%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account, for Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances, and27.24% for Bank Cash Advances. See footnote Footnote  1 for explanation.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. 
 
   Penalty APRand When it Applies 
  Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
This APR may be applied to new transactions on your account if you:    • Make a late payment.
How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If your APRs are increased, the Penalty APR will apply indefinitely.
 
 
   How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases 
  Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. 
 
   Minimum Interest Charge 
  If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $1.50. 
 
   For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
  To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore 
 
 
  
Please see the next page for a continuation of the Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information.
 

    Fees 
 
 
    Annual Fee 
  NOTICE: The annual fee is scheduled to be assessed before you begin using your card and will reduce the amount of credit you initially have available. For example, if you are assigned the minimum credit limit of $500, your initial available credit will be only about $425.
$75 
 
   Transaction Fees 
    
 
     • Purchase 
  Purchase of a wire transfer from a non-financial institution: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater. 
 
     • Balance Transfer 
  Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater. 
 
     • Cash Advance 
  Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances:  Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater.ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online and Cash Equivalent Cash Advances:Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater. Overdraft Protection Cash Advance (if enrolled): $12 for each transaction. 
 
     • Foreign Transaction 
  None 
 
   Penalty Fees 
    
 
     • Late Payment 
  Up to $38 
 
     • Returned Payment 
  Up to $27 
 
 
  

  How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called “average daily balance (including new purchases).”Payments are allocated to posted balances. If your account has balances with different APRs, we will allocate the amount of your payment equal to the Total Minimum Payment Due to the lowest APR balances first. Payment amounts in excess of your Total Minimum Payment Due will be applied to balances with higher APRs before balances with lower APRs.
1 Bank Cash Advances include the following Cash Advance types: ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online, Overdraft Protection and Cash Equivalent (money orders, foreign currency, travelers checks, or to obtain cash, each from a non-financial institution, or person-to-person money transfers, bets, lottery tickets purchased outside the United States, casino gaming chips and bail bonds). 
More Information about Penalty Fees and Penalty APRPenalty Fees: If your Total Minimum Payment Due is not received by your Payment Due Date, a Late Payment Fee of $27 will be assessed; $38 for subsequent occurrences that are within 6 billing cycles of a previous occurrence. However, the Late Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that was due. If your balance is $100 or less on the Payment Due Date, we will not assess a Late Payment Fee. The Returned Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that was due. Penalty APR: Your Penalty APR will not exceed 29.99% on new transactions. There is no Penalty APR on existing balances.Prime Rate: The Variable APRs above are based on the current Prime Rate of 5.5%. 
      CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
  By submitting this application, you: (1) acknowledge that you have reviewed the credit card Terms and Conditions; and (2) agree to submit your application for this credit card subject to those Terms and Conditions. The words “you” and “your” apply to each person who submits the application. You have read the accompanying application, and you affirm that everything you have stated is true and complete. You are at least 18 years of age or you are at least 21 years of age if a permanent resident of Puerto Rico. You authorize Bank of America, N.A. (hereinafter “we”, “us” or “our”) to obtain your credit report(s), employment history and any other information in order to approve or decline this application, service your account, and manage our relationship with you. If you ask, we will tell you the name and address of any consumer reporting agency that provided such report(s) to us. This card will not be available to you if you currently have or have had the card in the preceding 24 month period. This does not apply to the business credit card product. You consent to our sharing of information about you and your account with the organization, if any, endorsing this credit card program. You authorize us to share with others, to the extent permitted by law, such information and our credit experience with you. In addition, you may as a customer later indicate a preference to exempt your account from some of the information-sharing with other companies (“opt-out”). If you accept or use an account, you do so subject to the terms of this application, the “Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information” and the Credit Card Agreement, as it may be amended; you also agree to pay and/or to be held jointly and severally liable for all charges incurred under such terms. Any changes you make to the terms of this application will have no effect. You understand that if your application is approved with a credit line that is greater than or equal to $5,000, you will receive a Visa Signature® account; if your credit line is less than $5,000, you will receive a Platinum Plus® account. The benefits for Platinum Plus® accounts differ from Visa Signature® accounts. You also understand that the Annual Percentage Rate you receive will be determined based on your creditworthiness. You understand that only a portion of your Total Credit Line will be available for Bank Cash Advances. You also understand that if you have existing credit card accounts with Bank of America, we may utilize the available credit on the existing account(s) to approve your new credit card which could include moving credit from an account with a lower annual percentage rate and/or fee structure to a higher annual percentage rate and/or fee structure without increasing your overall credit limit. You accept that on a periodic basis your account may be considered for automatic upgrade at our discretion. You consent to and authorize us, any of our affiliates, or our marketing associates to monitor and/or record any of your phone conversations with any of our representatives. You further consent to our use of automatic dialers, text, or prerecorded messages for servicing your account even if the telephone number is a mobile telephone number for which the called party is charged. If additional development is necessary based on the application information provided, we will make every attempt to contact you. 
    FEATURES 
 
   Alaska Airlines Credit Card Program Summary. How You Earn Miles: You earn miles when you use your card to make purchases, minus returns, credits and adjustments (“Net Purchases”). The following transactions are not considered purchases and will not earn miles: Balance Transfers and Cash Advances (each as defined in your Credit Card Agreement), fees, interest charges, fraudulent transactions and certain other charges. 1 Mile: Earn 1 mile (base mile) for every $1 of Net Purchases charged to the card each billing cycle. 3 Miles: Earn 3 miles (consisting of 2 bonus miles and 1 base mile) for every $1 of eligible Alaska Airlines Net Purchases. Eligible Alaska Airlines Net Purchases include Alaska Airlines tickets, in-flight food and beverage purchases and cargo purchases billed by Alaska Airlines as the merchant of record and booked directly through Alaska Airlines. Eligible Alaska Airlines Vacation Packages must be booked via the Alaska Airlines website or by calling the Alaska Airlines Vacation Packages toll free number listed on the website. Otherwise eligible Alaska Airlines Net Purchases made through a third-party merchant (e.g., travel agency, online merchant) will not earn 3 miles per dollar. All miles earned on the account will be credited to the primary cardholder's Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan™ account. Your card will be automatically enrolled in the Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan Dining Rewards program by Rewards Network and a Welcome Kit will be sent to you explaining your restaurant dining earning opportunities. Bonus Miles: Earn up to 5 miles (consisting of up to 4 bonus miles and 1 base mile) per qualifying $1 spent on Net Purchases at select restaurants. Visit mileageplan.rewardsnetwork.com for a complete list of participating restaurants. Miles earned through the Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan Dining Rewards program will be posted to your Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan account. Bonus Mile Processing: Merchants are assigned a merchant category code (MCC) based upon the merchant's primary line of business. We do not determine which MCC a merchant chooses to classify itself. How You Use Your Miles: Earned miles can be redeemed for Alaska Airlines award travel, upgrades and hotel accommodations. Visit alaskaair.com for information on redemption and redemption minimums. Annual Companion Fare Benefit: Primary cardholders whose accounts are open and in good standing on their annual Account Anniversary date will receive a Companion Fare code within the first 2 billing cycles after the Anniversary date each year, which will be credited to their Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan™ account. The code is valid for a round-trip or one-way coach Companion Fare on Alaska Airlines from $121 (USD) ($99 base fare plus taxes and fees, from $22 depending on your Alaska Airlines flight itinerary) when traveling with another guest on a paid published coach airfare on the same itinerary, booked at the same time on alaskaair.com. Multiple stopovers not allowed. The Companion Fare code must be redeemed at alaskaair.com within 12 months of the date of issue. Once ticketed, travel may be completed after the expiration date of the Companion Fare code. The expiration date cannot be extended and, once your Companion Fare code has expired, it cannot be exchanged. If your Account is closed, you are no longer eligible to receive this benefit. Mileage cannot be used as a form of payment, however mileage credit accrual is allowed for both guests. The Companion Fare code is not valid with award travel, and cannot be combined with any other airfare discounts. Guest is responsible for all applicable taxes, fees, surcharges and applicable checked baggage fees. Applicable taxes and fees are subject to change. Free Checked Bag Benefit: Primary cardholders of the Alaska Airlines credit card who have an open account at the time of travel and up to 6 guests traveling on the same reservation may check 1 bag free of charge on qualifying reservations. Qualifying reservations include flights marketed by Alaska Airlines and operated by Alaska Airlines, Horizon Air, SkyWest or PenAir (codeshare flights operated by other carriers are not eligible). Primary cardholder must be an Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan member. Baggage restrictions apply. See alaskaair.com/freebagfaq for complete baggage rules. Payment with the Alaska Airlines credit card is not required to qualify for this benefit. Offer may not be applied retroactively, and no refunds will be issued. Not applicable for guests who already receive 1 or more free checked bags. New cardholders will be eligible for this benefit approximately within 2-3 weeks after account opening. Cardholders upgrading from another Alaska Airlines credit card, will be eligible for this benefit approximately within 4-6 weeks after being upgraded. Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan Enrollment: If you are not a current Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan member, Alaska Airlines will enroll you into the Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan program when you become a cardholder. The Mileage Plan Program is offered and administered by Alaska Airlines and is not a product or program of Bank of America. All Mileage Plan Program terms and conditions apply. Visit alaskaair.com for complete Mileage Plan Program details. See Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan Program Guidelines and Award Chart for details regarding award mileage requirements. Miles Expiration: Miles are subject to expiration. See alaskaair.com for the terms and conditions that address miles expiration. Miles Forfeiture: If a cardholder voluntarily closes the card, or if we close the card, any miles earned within the current billing period may be immediately forfeited unless specifically authorized by us. Rewards Program Rules: Your credit card Program Rules and a benefits brochure containing additional details will be sent to you with your new account materials. Other significant terms apply. Program subject to change. 
  New Account Bonus Miles and Companion Fare Offer. Cardholders who make any combination of Net Purchase transactions totaling at least $1,000 (exclusive of any fees, including the annual fee, returns and adjustments) that post to the account within 90 days of the account open date will qualify for 30,000 bonus miles and a round-trip coach Companion Fare code on Alaska Airlines from $22 (USD) ($0 base fare plus taxes and fees, from $22 depending on your Alaska Airlines flight itinerary) when traveling with another guest on a paid published coach airfare on the same itinerary, booked at the same time on alaskaair.com. Limit 1 bonus miles and Companion Fare offer per new account. This one-time promotion is limited to customers opening a new account in response to this offer and will not apply to requests to convert existing accounts. Other advertised promotional bonus miles and Companion Fare offers can vary from this promotion and may not be substituted. The respective bonus miles and Companion Fare code will be credited to the primary cardholder's Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan™ account approximately within the first 2 billing cycles after qualifying. See Annual Companion Fare Benefit section for additional details. The value of this reward may constitute taxable income to you. You may be issued an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) that reflects the value of such reward. Please consult your tax advisor, as neither we, nor our affiliates, provide tax advice. 
  Mobile Banking. Mobile Banking requires that you download the Mobile Banking app and is only available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply.Alerts. You may elect to receive alerts via text or email. Bank of America does not charge for this service but your mobile carrier's message and data rates may apply. Delivery of alerts may be affected or delayed by your mobile carrier's coverage. 
  $0 Liability Guarantee. The $0 Liability Guarantee covers fraudulent transactions made by others using your account. To be covered, don’t share personal or account information with anyone. Claims may only be filed by the accountholder against posted and settled transactions subject to dollar limits and verification, including providing requested information supporting fraudulent use claim. 
  FICO® Score Program. The FICO® Score Program is for educational purposes and for your non-commercial, personal use. This benefit is available only for primary cardholders with an open and active consumer credit card account who have a FICO® Score available. The feature is accessible through Online Banking, the Mobile website, and the Mobile Banking app for iPhone and Android devices. FICO is a registered trademark of Fair Isaac Corporation in the United States and other countries. Data connection required. Wireless carrier fees may apply. 
  Text Banking. Bank of America does not charge for Text Banking. However, your mobile service provider may charge for sending and receiving text messages on your mobile phone. Check with your service provider for details on specific fees and charges that may apply. 
  Card Benefits. Certain restrictions apply to each benefit. Platinum Plus® card benefits differ from Visa Signature® card benefits (i.e., coverage amounts vary and some benefits are not available). Details accompany new account materials. 
  Overdraft Protection. Overdraft transfers to your eligible Bank of America deposit account from your credit card account will be Bank Cash Advances under your Credit Card Agreement. Transfers will be subject to the terms of both your Credit Card Agreement and the account agreement(s) and disclosures governing your Bank of America deposit account. If you link your Bank of America deposit account to your credit card for Overdraft Protection, we will automatically transfer funds in multiples of $100 from your credit card account to cover any overdraft on your deposit account, as long as the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card account is sufficient and you are not in default under your Credit Card Agreement. A fee of $12 will apply for each transaction. The fee will not be assessed (a) if your deposit account is overdrawn by a total amount less than $12, after we finish processing for the day, or (b) each overdraft transaction processed that day is $1 or less. The Bank Cash Advance will accrue interest at the APR stated in your Credit Card Agreement. Overdraft Protection transfers incur interest charges from the transaction date. If the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card account is insufficient to cover the amount required by the overdraft (in the multiple of funds stated above), we may advance the funds even if it causes your credit card account to exceed your Cash Credit Line. Linking Overdraft Protection from your Bank of America credit card to your Bank of America deposit account will end any other Overdraft Protection connections to your deposit account. Please see your Credit Card Agreement for additional details. 
   BALANCE TRANSFERS 
If the total amount you request exceeds your Total Credit Line, we may send full or partial payment to your creditors in the order you provide them to us. Allow at least 2 weeks from account opening for processing. Continue paying each creditor until the transfer appears as a credit. Balance Transfers incur interest charges from the transaction date. If you revolve your balance to take advantage of a promotional or introductory offer, all transactions and balances, including purchases, will be charged interest. The Balance Transfer fee is 3% of the amount of the transaction (min. $10). If you have a dispute with a creditor and pay that balance by transferring it to your new account, you may lose certain dispute rights. Balance Transfers may not be used to pay off or pay down any account issued by Bank of America, N.A. or its affiliates. 
 
  
  
  The information in this offer is updated regularly, but may have changed since the last update. The Bank of America® Privacy Notice is available at bankofamerica.com/privacy and accompanies the Credit Card Agreement.
 
  This credit card program is issued and administered by Bank of America, N.A. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina. Deposit products and services are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Visa and Visa Signature are registered trademarks of Visa International Service Association, and are used by the issuer pursuant to license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Platinum Plus, Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation. American Airlines is a registered trademark of American Airlines, Inc. ©2019 Bank of America Corporation