†Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information   Account terms are not guarant
eed for any period of time. All terms, including fees and APRs for new transacti
ons, may change in accordance with the Credit Card Agreement and applicable law 
based on information in your credit report, market conditions, business strategi
es, or for any reason. Please review all of these materials so that you are full
y informed about the terms of this credit card offer.     Interest Rates and Int
erest Charges       Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases    0% Introductor
y APR for the first 12 Statement Closing Dates following the opening of your acc
ount.After that, your APR will be 14.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthine
ss when you open your account. This APR will vary with the market based on the P
rime Rate.     APR for Balance Transfers    0% Introductory APR for the first 12
 Statement Closing Dates following the opening of your account for transactions 
made within 60 days of opening your account. After that, your APR will be 14.49%
 to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account. This APR 
will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.     APR for Cash Advances   1
7.49% to 26.49%, based on your creditworthiness when you open your account, for 
Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances, and26.49% for Bank Cash Advances. See fo
otnote Footnote  1 for explanation.These APRs will vary with the market based on
 the Prime Rate.     Penalty APRand When it Applies   Up to 29.99%, based on you
r creditworthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Th
is APR may be applied to new transactions on your account if you:    • Make a la
te payment.How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If your APRs are increased, the
 Penalty APR will apply indefinitely.     How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purcha
ses   Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. W
e will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance b
y the due date each month.     Minimum Interest Charge   If you are charged inte
rest, the charge will be no less than $1.50.     For Credit Card Tips from the C
onsumer Financial Protection Bureau   To learn more about factors to consider wh
en applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financ
ial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore     Please see
 the next page for a continuation of the Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Inf
ormation.     Fees       Annual Fee   None     Transaction Fees           • Purc
hase   Purchase of a wire transfer from a non-financial institution: Either $10 
or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater.       • Balance T
ransfer   Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is great
er.       • Cash Advance   Direct Deposit and Check Cash Advances:  Either $10 o
r 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater.ATM, Over-the-Count
er, Same-Day Online and Cash Equivalent Cash Advances:Either $10 or 5% of the am
ount of each transaction, whichever is greater. Overdraft Protection Cash Advanc
e (if enrolled): $12 for each transaction.       • Foreign Transaction   3% of t
he U.S. dollar amount of each transaction (1) made in a foreign currency, or (2)
 made in U.S. dollars if the transaction is made or processed outside of the Uni
ted States. This fee will be in addition to any other applicable fee.     Penalt
y Fees           • Late Payment   Up to $38       • Returned Payment   Up to $27
       How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called “average daily
 balance (including new purchases).”Payments are allocated to posted balances. I
f your account has balances with different APRs, we will allocate the amount of 
your payment equal to the Total Minimum Payment Due to the lowest APR balances f
irst. Payment amounts in excess of your Total Minimum Payment Due will be applie
d to balances with higher APRs before balances with lower APRs.1 Bank Cash Advan
ces include ATM, Over-the-Counter, Same-Day Online, Overdraft Protection and Cas
h Equivalent (money orders, foreign currency, travelers checks, or to obtain cas
h, from a non-financial institution, or person-to-person money transfers, bets, 
lottery tickets purchased outside the United States, casino gaming chips and bai
l bonds) Cash Advances. More Information about Penalty Fees and Penalty APRPenal
ty Fees: If your Total Minimum Payment Due is not received by your Payment Due D
ate, a Late Payment Fee of $27 will be assessed; $38 for subsequent occurrences 
that are within 6 billing cycles of a previous occurrence. However, the Late Pay
ment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that was due. If your balance
 is $100 or less on the Payment Due Date, we will not assess a Late Payment Fee.
 The Returned Payment Fee will not exceed the total minimum payment that was due
. Penalty APR: Your Penalty APR will not exceed 29.99% on new transactions. Ther
e is no Penalty APR on existing balances.Prime Rate: The Variable APRs above are
 based on the current Prime Rate of 4.75%.       CONDITIONS      By submitting t
his application, you: (1) acknowledge that you have reviewed the credit card Ter
ms and Conditions; and (2) agree to submit your application for this credit card
 subject to those Terms and Conditions. The words “you” and “your” apply to each
 person who submits the application. You have read the accompanying application,
 and you affirm that everything you have stated is true and complete. You are at
 least 18 years of age or you are at least 21 years of age if a permanent reside
nt of Puerto Rico. You authorize Bank of America, N.A. (hereinafter “we”, “us” o
r “our”) to obtain your credit report(s), employment history and any other infor
mation in order to approve or decline this application, service your account, an
d manage our relationship with you. If you ask, we will tell you the name and ad
dress of any consumer reporting agency that provided such report(s) to us. You c
onsent to our sharing of information about you and your account with the organiz
ation, if any, endorsing this credit card program. You authorize us to share wit
h others, to the extent permitted by law, such information and our credit experi
ence with you. In addition, you may as a customer later indicate a preference to
 exempt your account from some of the information-sharing with other companies (
“opt-out”). If you accept or use an account, you do so subject to the terms of t
his application, the “Details of Rate, Fee and Other Cost Information” and the C
redit Card Agreement, as it may be amended; you also agree to pay and/or to be h
eld jointly and severally liable for all charges incurred under such terms. Any 
changes you make to the terms of this application will have no effect. You under
stand that if your application is approved with a credit line that is greater th
an or equal to $5,000, you will receive a Visa Signature® account; if your credi
t line is less than $5,000, you will receive a Platinum Plus® account. The benef
its for Platinum Plus® accounts differ from Visa Signature® accounts. You also u
nderstand that the Annual Percentage Rate you receive will be determined based o
n your creditworthiness. You understand that only a portion of your Total Credit
 Line will be available for Bank Cash Advances. You also understand that if you 
have existing credit card accounts with Bank of America, we may utilize the avai
lable credit on the existing account(s) to approve your new credit card which co
uld include moving credit from an account with a lower annual percentage rate an
d/or fee structure to a higher annual percentage rate and/or fee structure witho
ut increasing your overall credit limit. You accept that on a periodic basis you
r account may be considered for automatic upgrade at our discretion. You consent
 to and authorize us, any of our affiliates, or our marketing associates to moni
tor and/or record any of your phone conversations with any of our representative
s. You further consent to our use of automatic dialers, text, or prerecorded mes
sages for servicing your account even if the telephone number is a mobile teleph
one number for which the called party is charged. If additional development is n
ecessary based on the application information provided, we will make every attem
pt to contact you.     FEATURES     Bank of America® Cash Rewards Program Inform
ation. How You Earn Cash Rewards: Earn cash rewards when you use your card to ma
ke purchases, minus returns, credits and adjustments (“Net Purchases”). The foll
owing transactions are not considered Net Purchases and will not earn cash rewar
ds: Balance Transfers and Cash Advances (each as defined in your Credit Card Agr
eement), fees, interest charges, fraudulent transactions and certain other charg
es. 1% Base Cash Rewards: Earn 1% cash back (equal to $0.01) for every $1 of Net
 Purchases charged to the card each billing cycle. 2% Bonus Category: Earn a tot
al of 2% cash back (equal to $0.02, consisting of 1% bonus cash rewards and 1% b
ase cash rewards) for every $1 of Net Purchases made at eligible grocery store m
erchants and wholesale clubs, which include supermarkets, freezer/meat lockers, 
candy, nut or confection stores, dairy product stores, and bakeries. Excluded fr
om this Bonus Category are superstores and smaller stores (like drugstores and c
onvenience stores) that sell groceries and other products. 3% Bonus Category: Ea
rn a total of 3% cash back (equal to $0.03, consisting of 2% bonus cash rewards 
and 1% base cash rewards) for every $1 of Net Purchases made at eligible gas and
 fuel merchants, which include merchants whose primary line of business is the s
ale of automotive gasoline that can be purchased inside the service station or a
t the automated fuel pump and gasoline purchased at boat marinas, as well as fue
l dealers whose primary line of business is the sale of heating oil, propane and
 other fuels, such as kerosene. Purchases made at merchants whose primary line o
f business is not the sale of automotive gasoline or fuel, like superstores, sup
ermarkets and truck stops will not earn bonus cash rewards. Bonus Category Cap: 
Grocery store, Wholesale club and Gas purchases earn bonus cash rewards on the f
irst $2,500 of combined Net Purchases made each calendar quarter. Once the $2,50
0 quarterly limit is reached, you will earn base cash rewards of 1% for those pu
rchases. Bonus Category Processing: Merchants are assigned a merchant category c
ode (MCC) based on the merchant's primary line of business. We do not determine 
which MCC a merchant chooses to classify itself. We group similar MCCs into Bonu
s Categories to help you earn bonus rewards on purchases made at specific mercha
nts. Your purchase may not qualify to receive the bonus earn rate if the merchan
t does not process transactions under the MCC that corresponds with the Bonus Ca
tegory, or your purchase is processed through a third-party payment account, mob
ile/wireless card reader, digital wallet not supported by Bank of America or sim
ilar technology where the technology does not support transmission of MCCs. For 
those Net Purchases, you will earn base cash rewards of 1%. Not all merchants ac
cept all credit cards. Rewards Redemption: When your cash rewards balance is $25
 or more, you can redeem your cash rewards for a statement credit, a check, or a
n electronic deposit into a Bank of America® checking or savings account, or a c
ontribution to an eligible Cash Management Account® with Merrill Lynch Wealth Ma
nagement® or Merrill Edge®. Cash rewards shall be issued for a U.S. dollar sum a
nd may be requested on demand, or by registering for automatic redemption. 10% C
ustomer Bonus: Cash rewards redeemed into a Bank of America® checking or savings
 account or an eligible Cash Management Account® with Merrill Lynch Wealth Manag
ement® or Merrill Edge® will receive a 10% customer bonus at the time of redempt
ion ($25 redeemed in cash rewards = $27.50 deposit). The Customer Bonus is not e
arned on cash rewards redeemed for a statement credit or check. Rewards Expirati
on: As long as your account remains in good standing, cash rewards do not expire
. Rewards Forfeiture: If the owner(s) of the card account voluntarily closes the
 card account, or if for any reason we close the card account, any unredeemed ca
sh rewards associated with the account are subject to immediate forfeiture, unle
ss specifically authorized by us. Rewards Program Rules: Program Rules containin
g additional details will be sent to you with your new account materials. Other 
significant terms apply. Program subject to change.   Bonus Cash Rewards Offer. 
You will qualify for $150 bonus cash rewards if you use your new credit card acc
ount to make any combination of Purchase transactions totaling at least $500 (ex
clusive of any fees, returns and adjustments) that post to your account within 9
0 days of the account open date. Limit 1 bonus cash rewards offer per new accoun
t. This one-time promotion is limited to customers opening a new account in resp
onse to this offer and will not apply to requests to convert existing accounts. 
Other advertised promotional bonus cash rewards offers can vary from this promot
ion and may not be substituted. Allow 8-12 weeks from qualifying for the bonus c
ash rewards to post to your rewards balance. The value of this reward may consti
tute taxable income to you. You may be issued an Internal Revenue Service Form 1
099 (or other appropriate form) that reflects the value of such reward. Please c
onsult your tax advisor, as neither we, nor our affiliates, provide tax advice. 
  Contribution Information. From June 2015 through December 2020, Bank of Americ
a is guaranteeing to Susan G. Komen® $3 million in conjunction with its Pink Rib
bon Banking credit card and checking program. Susan G. Komen® has received more 
than $8 million from Bank of America from this program since 2009. For each new 
Susan G. Komen Cash Rewards credit card from Bank of America that is used to mak
e a transaction within, and remains open for, the first 90 days of account openi
ng, Komen receives at least $3 and 0.08% of all purchases (less returns) made wi
th the card. Komen also receives $3 for each renewal of a card that was in good 
standing during the 12 month period and does not have a zero balance at the time
 of the renewal.   Mobile Banking. Mobile Banking requires that you download the
 Mobile Banking app and is only available for select mobile devices. Message and
 data rates may apply.Alerts. You may elect to receive alerts via text or email.
 Bank of America does not charge for this service but your mobile carrier's mess
age and data rates may apply. Delivery of alerts may be affected or delayed by y
our mobile carrier's coverage.   $0 Liability Guarantee. The $0 Liability Guaran
tee covers fraudulent transactions made by others using your account. To be cove
red, don’t share personal or account information with anyone. Claims may only be
 filed by the accountholder against posted and settled transactions subject to d
ollar limits and verification, including providing requested information support
ing fraudulent use claim.   Text Banking. Bank of America does not charge for Te
xt Banking. However, your mobile service provider may charge for sending and rec
eiving text messages on your mobile phone. Check with your service provider for 
details on specific fees and charges that may apply.   Card Benefits. Certain re
strictions apply to each benefit. Platinum Plus® card benefits differ from Visa 
Signature® card benefits (i.e., coverage amounts vary and some benefits are not 
available). Details accompany new account materials.   Overdraft Protection. Ove
rdraft transfers to your eligible Bank of America deposit account from your cred
it card account will be Bank Cash Advances under your Credit Card Agreement. Tra
nsfers will be subject to the terms of both your Credit Card Agreement and the a
ccount agreement(s) and disclosures governing your Bank of America deposit accou
nt. If you link your Bank of America deposit account to your credit card for Ove
rdraft Protection, we will automatically transfer funds in multiples of $100 fro
m your credit card account to cover any overdraft on your deposit account, as lo
ng as the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card account is su
fficient and you are not in default under your Credit Card Agreement. A fee of $
12 will apply for each transaction. The fee will not be assessed if your deposit
 account is overdrawn by a total amount less than $12, after we finish processin
g for the day. The Bank Cash Advance will accrue interest at the APR stated in y
our Credit Card Agreement. Overdraft Protection transfers incur interest charges
 from the transaction date. If the portion of credit available for cash on your 
credit card account is insufficient to cover the amount required by the overdraf
t (in the multiple of funds stated above), we may advance the funds even if it c
auses your credit card account to exceed your Cash Credit Line. Linking Overdraf
t Protection from your Bank of America credit card to your Bank of America depos
it account will end any other Overdraft Protection connections to your deposit a
ccount. Please see your Credit Card Agreement for additional details.    BALANCE
 TRANSFERS If the total amount you request exceeds your Total Credit Line, we ma
y send full or partial payment to your creditors in the order you provide them t
o us. Allow at least 2 weeks from account opening for processing. Continue payin
g each creditor until the transfer appears as a credit. Balance Transfers incur 
interest charges from the transaction date. If you revolve your balance to take 
advantage of a promotional or introductory offer, all transactions and balances,
 including purchases, will be charged interest. The Balance Transfer fee is 3% o
f the amount of the transaction (min. $10). If you have a dispute with a credito
r and pay that balance by transferring it to your new account, you may lose cert
ain dispute rights. Balance Transfers may not be used to pay off or pay down any
 account issued by Bank of America, N.A. or its affiliates.        The informati
on in this offer is updated regularly, but may have changed since the last updat
e. The Bank of America® Privacy Notice is available at bankofamerica.com/privacy
 and accompanies the Credit Card Agreement.   This credit card program is issued
 and administered by Bank of America, N.A. Any account opened in response to thi
s application shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina. Depo
sit products and services are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated b
anks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
 Visa and Visa Signature are registered trademarks of Visa International Service
 Association, and are used by the issuer pursuant to license from Visa U.S.A. In
c. Merrill Edge, Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, Cash Management Account, Plati
num Plus, Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks
 of Bank of America Corporation. The Running Ribbon is a registered trademark of
 Susan G. Komen®. ©2018 Bank of America Corporation