Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

0% introductory APR for the first twelve billing cycles after the account is opened.
After that, your APR will be 17.99%,  22.24% or 27.24%  based on your creditworthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
0% APR on all Wyndham Timeshare Purchases (see below) for six billing cycles.
After that, your APR will be 17.99%,  22.24% or 27.24%  based on your creditworthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers

0% introductory APR for the first twelve billing cycles following each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.
After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account opening) your APR will be 17.99%,  22.24% or 27.24% based on your creditworthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

27.49%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases

Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

Minimum Interest Charge

If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

 
Fees
Annual Fee

$75

Transaction Fees:

 

Balance Transfer

Either $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Cash Advance

Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction

0% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.

Penalty Fees:

 

Late Payment

Up to $40 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

Returned Payment

Up to $40 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

 
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)".
 
Terms and Conditions Continued:
Important Information about the Wyndham Rewards Earner Plus Card Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.

Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $40  (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $40 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).
The “Wyndham Timeshare Purchase” means all Wyndham qualifying timeshare down payments.
Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  You agree that if you are not approved for a Signature account you may be approved for a Platinum account.
Your Telephone Numbers: By providing your telephone number, at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize Barclays Bank Delaware and its affiliates, agents and independent contractors, to contact you regarding your account at such number using any means of communication, including, but not limited to calls placed to your cell, mobile or other phone using an automated dialing service, pre-recorded messages or text messages. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.
About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations,    we may be unable to open an account for you, or you may receive a Platinum card. Platinum benefits differ from Signature benefits. Please review the materials provided with your card for details. 
About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. 
About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 12.49%, 16.74% or 21.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of [DATE] using a Prime Rate of 5.5%.

*Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.
Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.
Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.
How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases (excluding Easy Pay):  You can avoid paying interest on purchases if you pay your purchase balance subject to interest (excluding Easy Pay Offers) plus any monthly Easy Pay Payment Amount in full by the Payment Due Date every month. If you do not pay your purchase balance subject to interest (excluding Easy Pay Offers) plus any monthly Easy Pay Payment Amount by the due date each month, you will pay interest from the date purchases are posted to your account until the date you pay those Purchases in full. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your account each month.
Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.
Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. 
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.
About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclays), located in Wilmington, Delaware. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.  Visa is a registered trademark of VISA USA, Inc. and is used by us pursuant to a license.
Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.
The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of [DATE] and may change after this date.
Information That We Collect & Share About You:Barclays' Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaysUS.com. You agree that Wyndham and Barclays may share information about you and your account to administer the Wyndham Rewards Program in conjunction with the Wyndham Rewards Earner® Plus Card. 
WYNDHAM REWARDS EARNER® PLUS CARD ACCOUNT REWARD RULES 
This document contains the official reward rules for the Wyndham Rewards Earner Plus card account ("Card Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclays", "we", "us", or "our") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Card Account Reward Rules"). Use of your Card Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement (“Cardmember Agreement”). "You", "your" or "primary cardmember" means the person who applied for the Card Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Card Account Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.
Barclays is solely responsible for establishing these Card Account Reward Rules and for communicating with Wyndham Rewards, Inc., as described below to administer the Card Account Reward Rules. Certain of the Card Account benefits are fulfilled under the Wyndham Rewards program (the “Wyndham Rewards Program” or “Program”), which is a loyalty program offered by Wyndham Rewards, Inc., and is not a product or program of Barclays.
Wyndham Rewards, Inc. is an indirect subsidiary of Wyndham Hotel Group, LLC and its successors and assigns (collectively, “Wyndham”). Wyndham Rewards, Inc. is solely responsible for establishing the terms and conditions of your participation in the Wyndham Rewards Program, Wyndham Rewards member account (“Member Account”), and Wyndham Rewards points (“Points”) accumulation therein. All Wyndham Rewards Program terms and conditions apply. Wyndham Rewards, Inc. may change or terminate the Wyndham Rewards Program in accordance with its terms and conditions. For a complete explanation of the Wyndham Rewards Program’s terms and conditions, go to WyndhamRewards.com/terms. 
Card Account Reward Rules AdministrationThe Card Account Reward Rules are administered by Barclays located in Wilmington, DE. We reserve the right to modify, amend or terminate the Card Account Reward Rules at any time with or without notice. You can review current Card Account Reward Rules any time by logging in to your Card Account at BarclaysUS.com.
To maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program through use of the Card Account:
You must maintain an open Card Account that is in good standing. “Good Standing” means your Card Account is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (in “Good Standing”).You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Card Account only for personal, family or household expenses.If your participation in the Program is canceled any Points earned during that billing cycle but not yet sent to Wyndham may be forfeited. See WyndhamRewards.com/terms for details.Wyndham Rewards Membership
If your existing Wyndham Rewards Member Account number was included in the application, you are already enrolled in the Program. Points earned through the Card Account will be credited to your Wyndham Rewards Member Account.If the Wyndham Rewards Member Account number that you provided is found to be invalid, or you did not provide us with the Wyndham Rewards Member Account number, you consent to and will be enrolled in the Program and a new Wyndham Rewards Member Account number will be assigned to you.Only one Wyndham Rewards Member Account number will be applied per Card Account.Wyndham Membership Level BenefitsThe primary cardmember will receive Wyndham Rewards Platinum Level in his or her Wyndham Rewards Program membership. This benefit is not available to authorized users through the Wyndham Rewards Earner Plus Card. Please allow 2-8 weeks after Card Account opening for this update to be made to the primary cardmember’s Wyndham Rewards Program membership. Subject to the Wyndham Rewards Terms & Conditions, the primary cardmember will continue to receive Wyndham Rewards Platinum Level through the Wyndham Rewards Earner Plus Card as long as the Card Account is open and in Good Standing. You can achieve other Wyndham Rewards Program levels by meeting Wyndham Rewards Program eligibility requirements. Wyndham reserves the right to change or cancel the member level program and benefits at any time with or without notice. For details on the Terms and Conditions of the Wyndham Rewards Program levels and benefits, please visit WyndhamRewards.com/levels.
Important Information about Points
As long as the Program continues and the Card Account is open and in Good Standing, there is no limit to the total Points you can earn using your Card Account.You may not earn Points during any period in which your Card Account is past due.All Points earned by the primary cardmember and any authorized user(s), through use of the Card Account, will be transferred to the primary cardmember’s Program account after the close of each Card Account billing statement. Your Program account is subject to the Program terms and conditions, located at WyndhamRewards.com/terms, which includes expiration and forfeiture policies.If you do not receive credit for earned Points through use of your Card Account, please contact the Customer Service number on the back of your credit card.You have no property rights or other legal interest in Points. Points have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed. Points may not be assigned or transferred.You are responsible for any tax liability related to participating in the Program.Participation in the Program through use of your Card Account is subject to all applicable laws and regulations. The sale or barter of any Points offered through the Program earned through use of the Card Account, other than by us or Wyndham, is expressly prohibited.You can view a summary of your Points earned through the use of your Card Account on your monthly Card Account billing statement or by logging into BarclaysUS.com. Your total Program account Points balance is available by calling 866-WYN-RWDS (866-996-7937) or online at WyndhamRewards.com.Barclays is not responsible for adding the Points to your Program account, for arranging or providing for any goods or services related to the use of Points, for any delay, failure, or refusal by Wyndham to add or redeem Points, or for any decision by Wyndham to revoke or cancel Points or membership in the Program. Once we transfer Points earned through use of the Card Account after the close of each Card Account billing cycle, Wyndham is responsible for adding the Points to your Program account.Earning PointsYou earn Points for purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user(s) of the Card Account as follows:
You earn 6 Points for every $1 spent on eligible Net Purchases made with the Card Account at participating By Wyndham hotels or Hotels by Wyndham (“By Wyndham hotels”) (e.g., those purchases that appear on your folio for the stay). For more information, please call Wyndham Rewards Member Services at 866-WYN-RWDS (866-996-7937).You earn 6 Points for every $1 spent on eligible Net Purchases made with the Card Account on gas. Qualifying gas purchases are defined as automated fuel dispensers and service stations, as identified by the merchant category codes.You earn 4 Points for every $1 spent on eligible Net Purchases made with the Card Account at participating Club Wyndham®, WorldMark® by Wyndham and Shell Vacations Club® properties (e.g., those purchases that appear on your folio for the stay); on eligible maintenance fee payments related to Club Wyndham, WorldMark by Wyndham and Shell Vacations Club accounts; and on eligible timeshare loan payments to Wyndham Vacation Resorts, Inc., Wyndham Resort Development Corporation, Shell Vacations, LLC, and related developer affiliates and partners. For more information on Wyndham Destinations, including an overview of resorts, please visit WyndhamDestinations.com. You earn 4 Points for every $1 spent on eligible Net Purchases made with the Card Account at restaurants and grocery stores (excluding Target® and Walmart®). Qualifying restaurant purchases are defined as: Restaurants and Fast Food restaurants, as identified by the merchant category codes. Qualifying grocery store purchases are defined as grocery stores, as identified by the merchant category codes, excluding Target® and Walmart®. Please note some merchants that sell grocery items are not included in this category. For example, warehouse clubs, drug stores, discount stores and merchants that sell a limited number of grocery items are not included. You earn 1 Point for every $1 spent on all other Net Purchases (excluding timeshare down payment purchases to Wyndham Vacation Resorts, Inc., Wyndham Resort Development Corporation, Shell Vacations, LLC, and related developer affiliates and partners).Purchases must be submitted by merchants using the merchant category codes for purchases in the above specified categories to qualify for the additional Points. Barclays and Wyndham Rewards, Inc. are not responsible for incorrectly coded purchases. Additional Points may not be earned if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet to pay for the purchase. Additionally, purchases made through third parties, including online marketplaces and resellers, or using a third-party payment account will not earn additional Points.Balance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Card Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases are not considered Net Purchases and do not earn Points.Bonus Points
You will earn 60,000 bonus Points after spending $1,000 on Net Purchases (excluding timeshare down payment purchases to Wyndham Vacation Resorts, Inc., Wyndham Resort Development Corporation, Shell Vacations, LLC, and related developer affiliates and partners) within the first 90 days of Card Account open date. The bonus will be reflected on the billing statement after you have qualified to earn the bonus. Please allow 8-12 weeks for bonus Points to be deposited into your Program account after the qualifying purchase(s) have posted to your Card Account. The bonus offer is valid for first-time cardmembers with new Card Accounts only. This offer may be canceled at any time without notice.From time to time, we may offer bonuses of Points or other incentives to new Wyndham Rewards Earner Plus cardmembers in connection with an application for a new card account. These bonuses and/or incentives are intended for applicants who are not and have not previously been Wyndham Rewards Earner Plus cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new Wyndham Rewards Earner Plus card account after this Card Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current or former Wyndham Rewards Earner Plus cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or reduce your Points by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Card Account for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.
Annual Anniversary Bonus PointsYou will earn 7,500 bonus Points after paying the renewal annual fee in full within the first 90 days of the Card Account anniversary date. Your renewal annual fee may not be paid in full within 90 days if you pay only your minimum payment due amount as reflected on your statement each month. The bonus will be reflected on the billing cycle date of the month or the following month in which you have qualified to earn the bonus. Please allow 8-12 weeks for bonus Points to be deposited into your Program account after the renewal annual fee has been paid. The renewal annual fee is considered paid when the cardmember makes payments greater than or equal to the disclosed annual fee. Each year, you must pay your renewal annual fee in full to receive your anniversary bonus. This offer may be canceled at any time without notice.
Additional Benefits
Redemption Discount BonusYou will receive a 10% redemption discount when redeeming Wyndham Rewards Points for Go Free awards. For more information on this redemption discount, visit WyndhamRewards.com/terms/cardmembergofree for additional details. 
Wyndham Rewards Visa Cardmember RateYou will receive an additional discount when booking the Wyndham Rewards Member Rate at participating properties; for more information, please visit WyndhamRewards.com/terms/cardmemberrate for additional details.   
Redeeming PointsWyndham manages the Program including redemption. You can obtain information regarding the redemption options available by calling 866-WYN-RWDS (866-996-7937) or online at WyndhamRewards.com.
Points ForfeitureIf your Card Account is closed for any of the following reasons, your Points earned during that billing cycle but not yet sent to Wyndham will be forfeited and/or we may request that Wyndham make corresponding adjustments to or invalidate Points earned through use of your Card Account and transferred to your Wyndham Rewards Earner Plus Card Account if/based upon:
You or any authorized user(s) on the Card Account engages in any fraudulent or illegal activity through the use of your Card Account.You, or any authorized user(s) on the Card Account engage in any activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You or any authorized user(s) on the Card Account have negative public record information identified.Your history of Card Account usage.Your Card Account is delinquent, as determined by Barclays in its sole discretion.You or any authorized user(s) on the Card Account violate any of the Card Account Rewards Rules.Your Card Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.Responsibility of the Parties/Information SharingBarclays has no authority regarding the Program and is not responsible for any goods or services offered by Wyndham. You authorize Barclays to share information about your Card Account with Wyndham, Wyndham Destinations, Inc., and their subsidiaries and affiliates and authorize Wyndham, Wyndham Destinations, Inc., and their subsidiaries and affiliates to share information about your Program membership, to the extent needed to administer the Program and the Card Account. You also agree that Barclays may share Card Account information as set forth in Barclays Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy for Barclays is available online at BarclaysUS.com. Wyndham, Wyndham Destinations, Inc., and their respective parent companies and subsidiaries are not a party to the Cardmember Agreement between you and Barclays, does not participate in any extension of credit, and have no authority regarding the Card Account and are not responsible for any goods or services offered by Barclays. For details on how Wyndham may use your information, please see the Wyndham Privacy Notice at wyndhamhotels.com/about-us/privacy-notice-more-info and terms and conditions of the Program at WyndhamRewards.com/terms. For details on how Wyndham Destinations, Inc., may use your information, please view Wyndham Destinations Privacy Policy Notice at wyndhamdestinations.com/us/en/privacy-notice.
Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program through use of the Card Account and accepting and using Points and other benefits earned through use of the Card Account, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program through the use of the Card Account) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclays, Wyndham Rewards, Inc., Wyndham Destinations, Inc., and their its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program through use of the Card Account or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program through use of the Card Account. Barclays has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of Points, items received through redemptions, or a cardmember’s right to redeem or possess Points.
Important General Program DisclosuresBarclays reserves the right to correct inaccurate Points values represented on statements, our website and/or our mobile app, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict, or terminate the Card Account Reward Rules or any aspects or features of the Card Account Reward Rules at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Card Account Reward Rules shall be in our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply.  All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners.  Barclays is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials. Points earned through use of the Card Account cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us or Wyndham.
Customer ServiceIf you have any questions about your Card Account, please contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your credit card.     
©2022 Barclays Bank Delaware, Member FDIC.
WYF_ 52022                                                                                                                        BAR-8485-5

