                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases17.49%, 21.49% or 26.49%, based on your credit
 worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for B
alance Transfers0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles followi
ng each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account op
ening.After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of 
account opening) your APR will be 17.49%, 21.49%, or 26.49% based on your credit
 worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for 
Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Ho
w to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after t
he close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if 
you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf
 you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card 
Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to
 consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Con
sumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. F
eesAnnual Fee$95Transaction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount 
of each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amoun
t of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction0% of each trans
action in U.S. dollars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fe
e varies by state, see below) Returned PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee v
aries by state, see below)  How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method 
called "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa 
at the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance
 (including new purchases)". Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Informatio
n about the AAdvantage Aviator Red Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please 
carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/p
oints are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular 
offer before applying.Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up t
o $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to
 $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).Agreement: The
 use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute accepta
nce of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you.
 The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features a
ssociated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.
  ++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the 
time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and ag
ents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or serv
ices, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text mess
age. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.About This Offer: 
You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants
 who are residents of the United States, with the exception of the US territorie
s.  You may not be eligible for this offer if you currently have or previously h
ad an account with us in this Program. In addition, you may not be eligible for 
this offer if, at any time during our relationship with you as the issuer of an 
account in this Program, we have cause, as determined by us in our sole discreti
on, to suspect that the account is being obtained or will be used for abusive or
 gaming activity (such as, but not limited to, obtaining or using the account to
 maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consume
r activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings). If at the
 time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previous
ly established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on
 your current obligations, we will not be able to open an account for you. Pleas
e review the materials provided with your card for details.About Your Credit Rep
ort: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with
 our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to admi
nister your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experien
ce with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bure
aus from which we obtained a report about you. About the Variable APRs on Your A
ccount: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on t
he last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance
 transfer APR, we add either 12.74%, 16.74% or 21.74% to the Prime Rate based on
 your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rat
e. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are curre
nt as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rate of 4.75%.Important Information About Proc
edures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of te
rrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial inst
itutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person w
ho opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we w
ill ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, an
d other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see c
opies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.Balance T
ransfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15
/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discove
r Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total
 amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may
 either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The a
mount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount tran
sferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline t
o process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to trans
fer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers inc
ur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any
 disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.
Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer
 payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've 
mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance
 transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance tra
nsfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay eac
h creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. 
If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is no
t a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the
 phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance
 transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at
 any time and for any reason.Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge 
you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date eac
h month. In addition, during this introductory period we will not charge you int
erest on purchases if you pay by the due date each month your outstanding statem
ent balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoi
d a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your account ea
ch month.Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit 
limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an applicat
ion to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit
 on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer req
uest.Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks,
 foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other sim
ilar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agree
ment for details.New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York
 State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit th
e website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates
, fees and grace periods. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discri
mination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditw
orthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit his
tories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission admini
sters compliance with this law.Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital
 property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's mari
tal property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account 
is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have a
ctual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of
 this account to your spouse.About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit 
card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard),
 located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in response to this application s
hall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Mastercard is a registere
d trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated, and is used by us pursuant
 to a license. Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card wi
ll be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if your requ
est for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the request is
 made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be 
made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an addi
tional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be express
ed delivered.The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 03
/30/2018 and may change after this date.Information Sharing: Barclaycard’s Priva
cy Policy is available online at BarclaycardUS.com.  You agree that Barclaycard,
 American Airlines® and, Rewards Network may share information about you and you
r account to the extent needed to administer the AAdvantage® Aviator® Red World 
Elite Mastercard credit card program in conjunction with the American Airlines A
Advantage® Program and the AAdvantage® Dining ProgramSM.American Airlines AAdvan
tage® Aviator® Red Mastercard® Reward RulesThis document contains the official R
eward Rules for the AAdvantage® Aviator® Red Mastercard® Account (the “Account”)
 issued by Barclays Bank Delaware (“Barclaycard”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and inclu
des important conditions and limitations (the “Reward Rules”). Please read the R
eward Rules and keep this document in a safe place.AAdvantage® is a frequent fly
er program offered by American Airlines (the “Program”) and is not a product or 
program of Barclaycard.  American Airlines is solely responsible for establishin
g the terms and conditions of your participation and mileage accumulation in the
 Program. Terms and conditions of the Program are published by American Airlines
 at aa.com.“You, “your” or “primary cardmember” means the person who applied for
 the Account. Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the ter
ms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement.  Capitalized terms
 not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Card
member Agreement. Reward Rules AdministrationThe Reward Rules are administered b
y Barclaycard.  We are solely responsible for all credit and eligibility standar
ds and determination of Account issuance.   To maintain your eligibility for par
ticipation in the Program through use of the Account:You must maintain an open a
nd active Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us
.Your Account cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cycles in a row (represent
ing approximately 6 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments a
nd no transactions.You must pay your annual fee.You must be an individual (corpo
rations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Accou
nt only for personal, family or household expenses.Program Membership       If y
our AAdvantage® number was included in the application, we will add that number 
to your Account automatically.If the AAdvantage® number that you provided is fou
nd to be invalid, or you did not provide us with an AAdvantage® number, you cons
ent to and will be enrolled in the AAdvantage® Program and a new AAdvantage® num
ber will be assigned to you.Only one AAdvantage® number will be applied per Acco
unt, and assigned as the primary cardmember on that Account.Important Informatio
n about AAdvantage® MilesAAdvantage® miles earned through use of the Account are
 transferred to your AAdvantage® account after the close of each billing stateme
nt.  Your AAdvantage® account is subject to the AAdvantage® Program terms and co
nditions, located at https://www.aa.com/i18n/aadvantage-program/terms-and-condit
ions.jsp, which includes expiration and forfeiture policies.You have no property
 rights or other legal interest in AAdvantage® miles. Miles have no cash value o
r value of any kind until they are fully redeemed. Miles may not be assigned, tr
ansferred or pledged.You are responsible for any tax liability related to partic
ipating in the Program.If you are not credited for earned AAdvantage® miles or o
ther benefits, once identified, the earned AAdvantage® miles or other benefits w
ill be credited. If AAdvantage® miles or other benefits are not available, a com
parable benefit will be provided as determined by us.In the event of any abusive
, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Account, as determined by us in o
ur sole discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding AAdvantage® miles
 adjustments to the miles accrued in the Program through use of the Account and/
or to cancel your Account at any time.Participation in the Program and use of yo
ur Account are subject to all applicable laws and regulations. The redemption of
 AAdvantage® miles is void where prohibited by law. The sale or barter of any re
ward offered through the Program earned through use of the Account, other than b
y us, is expressly prohibited.Miles RestrictionsYou may not earn AAdvantage® mil
es through use of the Account during a billing cycle in which any of the followi
ng occur:You fail to make the Minimum Payment Due by its Payment Due Date.Your A
ccount becomes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardme
mber Agreement with us. (Your account is not in good standing.)You, or any autho
rized users on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of yo
ur Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct,
 as determined by us in our sole discretion.Miles ForfeitureAAdvantage® miles ea
rned through use of the Account that have not yet been sent to your AAdvantage® 
account may be forfeited if any of the following occur:Your Account becomes seri
ously delinquent, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You or we close you
r Account for any reason.You, or any authorized users on the Account, engage in 
fraudulent activity on your Account.You, or any authorized users on the Account,
 engage in any illegal activity on your Account, or engage in activity that is d
eemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretio
n.We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to disqualify any cardmember fro
m participating in the Program through use of the Account and to invalidate any 
or all AAdvantage® miles earned through use of the Account as a result of abuse,
 fraud, or any violation of the Reward Rules.Earning MilesYou  earn AAdvantage® 
miles on retail Purchases made with your Account, less credits, returns and adju
stments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user(s) of the Accou
nt.You earn Two (2) AAdvantage® miles for every one dollar ($1.00) of Net Purcha
ses made with the Account, rounded up or down to the nearest dollar, on eligible
 tickets, goods and services purchased directly from American Airlines (“America
n Purchases”). Eligible American Purchases are items billed by American Airlines
 as merchant of record booked through American Airlines channels (aa.com, Americ
an Airlines Reservations, American Airlines Vacations reservations, Airpass, and
 American Airlines airport and city ticket counters). Products or services that 
do not qualify as American Purchases are car rentals and hotel reservations (exc
ept taxes and charges paid when redeeming miles for car/hotel), purchase of elit
e status boost or renewal, and AA CargoSM products and services.You earn One (1)
 AAdvantage® mile for every one dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases made with the Ac
count everywhere else Mastercard is accepted.Miles earned will be posted to the 
primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® account within 8-10 weeks.Balance Transfers, Ca
sh Advances, Cash Equivalent Transactions (transactions in highly liquid assets,
 e.g. assets that are directly convertible to cash such as, but not limited to, 
money orders, travelers checks, foreign currency, gambling chips and lottery tic
kets), Purchases made by or for a business or for a business purpose, fees, inte
rest charges, and unauthorized/fraudulent transactions do not earn AAdvantage® m
iles.There is no limit to the number of AAdvantage® miles you can earn through u
se of the Account as long as the Program continues and your Account remains open
 and in good standing.Additional Benefits of your AccountFirst Purchase AAdvanta
ge® Bonus MilesThe primary cardmember will earn fifty thousand (50,000) AAdvanta
ge® bonus miles after a first purchase is made on the Account within ninety (90)
 days of Account opening and the annual fee has been paid. This one-time AAdvant
age® bonus mileage offer is valid for first-time cardmembers with new accounts o
nly. Existing cardmembers, existing accounts, and previous cardmember with accou
nts closed in the past 24 months may not be eligible for this offer. This is a l
imited-time offer and may be canceled at any time without notice.  Please allow 
4-6 weeks for  AAdvantage® bonus miles to be deposited into your AAdvantage® acc
ount after the qualifying purchase has posted and your annual fee has been paid.
$100 American Airlines Flight DiscountEarn a $100 American Airlines Flight Disco
unt (the “Flight Discount”) after you spend $30,000 or more in Purchases on your
 Account during your cardmembership year (each 12 month period through and inclu
ding your Account anniversary date) and your Account remains open for at least 4
5 days after your anniversary. The Flight Discount expires one year from date of
 issue. The Flight Discount is redeemable toward the initial ticket purchase of 
air travel wholly on flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on A
merican Eagle® flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Air Wiscons
in Airlines Corporation, Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airli
nes, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Rep
ublic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC for it
ineraries sold and originating in the U.S., Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands.
 The Flight Discount is also redeemable for air travel on any oneworld® carrier 
or American Airlines codeshare flight.The Flight Discount is redeemable online a
t aa.com, or by calling American Airlines Reservations. A booking fee may apply 
for travel booked through American Airlines Reservations. The Flight Discount is
 redeemable only toward the purchase of the base airfare and directly associated
 taxes, fees and charges that are collected as part of the fare calculation for 
travel. The Flight Discount may not be used for flight products and/or services 
that are sold separately or non-flight products and/or services sold by American
 Airlines. If the ticket price is greater than the value of the Flight Discount,
 the difference must be paid only with a credit, debit or charge card, or with A
merican Airlines Gift Cards. If travel booked with the Flight Discount is cancel
led or changed by the cardmember, the Flight Discount will be forfeited and the 
cardmember will be responsible for any applicable fare difference and the applic
able change fee. The Flight Discount will not be replaced for any reason. The Fl
ight Discount is non-refundable, may not be sold and has no cash redemption valu
e. Flight Discount will be awarded only if the $30,000 in Purchases requirement 
was met during your cardmembership year and your Account remains open for at lea
st 45 days after your anniversary.   Please allow 8-12 weeks for delivery of the
 Flight Discount.Free Checked BagPrimary cardmembers may check one bag free of c
harge when traveling on domestic itineraries marketed and operated by American A
irlines or on American Eagle® domestic itineraries marketed by American Airlines
 and operated by Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Compass Airlines, LLC, Envo
y Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, I
nc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., or Trans
 States Airlines, LLC. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshar
e flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another
 airline.Up to four (4) customers traveling with the eligible primary cardmember
 will also get their first checked bag free of charge if they are listed in the 
same reservation.For this benefit to apply, the Account must be open 7 days prio
r to air travel AND reservation must include the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage
® number 7 days prior to air travel. If your Account is closed for any reason, t
hese benefits will be cancelled. This benefit cannot be combined with any existi
ng AAdvantage® elite program benefits, or Premium cabin benefits, including any 
waiver of baggage charges. The First Checked Bag benefit does not apply to overw
eight or oversized bags. Please see aa.com for baggage weight and size restricti
ons. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.Prefer
red BoardingEligible cardmembers will board after Priority boarding is complete,
 but before the rest of economy boarding. The boarding benefit will display on y
our American Airlines boarding pass as Group 5. Up to four (4) companions travel
ing with and listed in the same reservation as the primary cardmember are eligib
le to board at the same time as the primary cardmember.  For this benefit to app
ly, the Account must be open 7 days prior to air travel AND, reservation must in
clude the primary cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior
 to air travel. If your credit card Account is closed for any reason, this benef
it will be cancelled.  This benefit applies to flights marketed and operated by 
American Airlines or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Co
mpass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline
 Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Mesa Airlines
, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, L
LC.  This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked w
ith an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Applicab
le terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.25% Statement Credi
t for Inflight PurchasesPrimary cardmembers whose Accounts are in good standing 
will qualify for a 25% savings on eligible inflight Purchases.  Eligible Purchas
es include the inflight purchase of food and beverages on American Airlines oper
ated flights when purchased using the Account. Savings does not apply to any oth
er inflight Purchases, such as wireless internet access or inflight Entertainmen
t. This offer is available on eligible flights as long as supplies last. This be
nefit applies to domestic flights marketing and operated by American Airlines an
d operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., 
Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporatio
n, Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans St
ates Airlines, LLC where credit card transactions are accepted. This benefit wil
l not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airli
nes flight number but operated by another airline. This savings will appear as a
n Account statement credit 6-8 weeks after the Purchase is posted to the Account
. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. Applicable terms and 
conditions are subject to change without notice.10% of your redeemed miles back 
(10,000 maximum per calendar year)The AAdvantage® bonus miles the primary cardme
mber earns through this benefit will be based on 10% of the total AAdvantage® mi
les the primary cardmember redeems during the calendar year, regardless of wheth
er the redeemed AAdvantage® miles were earned through the Account. The maximum n
umber of AAdvantage® bonus miles that can be earned annually from this benefit i
s 10,000 AAdvantage® bonus miles per calendar year and per AAdvantage® account, 
regardless of how many total AAdvantage® miles you redeem in that calendar year,
 and regardless of how many AAdvantage® co-branded credit cards you have. This b
enefit only applies to AAdvantage® miles redeemed from the primary cardmember's 
AAdvantage® account. For this benefit to apply, your Account must be open and ac
tive at the time of redemption. Discover all the ways to redeem AAdvantage® mile
s at aa.com/redeem. AAdvantage® bonus miles typically post 6-8 weeks after your 
redemption to the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® account. Reduced Mileage Awar
dsThe Reduced Mileage Awards program allows primary cardmembers to redeem AAdvan
tage® miles for discounted round trip or one-way travel on MileSAAver® awards to
 destinations selected every other month. The MileSAAver® discount is 7,500 AAdv
antage® miles round trip or 3,750 AAdvantage® miles one-way for this Account if 
travel booked is greater than 500 miles in distance. If travel booked is less th
an or equal to 500 miles in distance, which qualifies for a short haul MileSAAve
r award, the mileage discount will be 2,000 AAdvantage® miles round trip or 1,00
0 AAdvantage® miles one-way for this Account.Redemption of AAdvantage® miles tow
ard Reduced Mileage Awards applies only to bookings made by phone through Americ
an Airlines Reservations or through airport or city ticket centers. An award ser
vice charge fee may apply per person. Flights and availability are subject to ch
ange without notice. For the complete list of Reduced Mileage Awards, visit aa.c
om/reducedmileageawards.Elite Qualifying DollarsThe primary cardmember may earn 
$3,000 Elite Qualifying Dollars (“EQDs”) after spending $25,000 in Net Purchases
 that post to the AAdvantage® Aviator® Red account from January 1st through Dece
mber 31st each calendar year. A primary cardmember may earn the maximum $3,000 E
QDs per calendar year through the AAdvantage®Aviator® Red account, unless the ca
rdmember has already earned the maximum number of EQDs through other AAdvantage®
 co-branded credit cards. EQDs earned are in addition to the AAdvantage® miles e
arned for Net Purchases made on the AAdvantage® Aviator® Red account. Net Purcha
ses exclude returned goods and services, cash advances, convenience checks, tran
sferred balances, credits, fees and interest charges. Net Purchases made by auth
orized users through additional cards on the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® Av
iator® Red account will count toward the primary cardmember’s qualifying spend. 
EQDs earned as a result of this benefit will typically be posted to the primary 
cardmember’s AAdvantage® account 6-8 weeks after meeting the spend requirement. 
EQDs will not count toward Million MilerSM status. EQDs cannot be redeemed for a
ward travel, AAdvantage® miles or any other AAdvantage® program awards. EQDs ear
ned with the AAdvantage® Aviator® Red account qualify toward the primary cardmem
ber’s AAdvantage® program elite status earning requirements each calendar year, 
subject to the limits under the Reward Rules and the AAdvantage® program. Full d
etails on elite status and qualifications are available in the AAdvantage® secti
on of aa.com.AAdvantage® DiningSM ProgramYour Account is automatically enrolled 
in the AAdvantage® DiningSM Program. The AAdvantage® DiningSM Program is a way f
or AAdvantage® members to earn additional AAdvantage® miles by dining out at eli
gible bars or restaurants. You can earn even more miles by creating an AAdvantag
e® DiningSM profile. If you have provided us with a valid email address, you wil
l be sent a welcome email from Rewards Network with additional information. Your
 AAdvantage® DiningSM membership is subject to the terms and conditions and priv
acy policy located at aa.rewardsnetwork.com. Applicable terms and conditions are
 subject to change without notice.Responsibility of the Parties/Information Shar
ingAmerican Airlines is not a party to the Cardmember Agreement between you and 
Barclaycard, does not participate in any extension of credit, has no authority r
egarding the Account and is not responsible for any goods or services offered by
 Barclaycard. Barclaycard has no authority regarding the Program and is not resp
onsible for any goods or services offered by American Airlines. You authorize Ba
rclaycard to share information about your Account with American Airlines and its
 affiliates and authorize American Airlines to share information about your Prog
ram membership, to the extent needed to administer the Program and the Account. 
You also agree that Barclaycard may share Account information as set forth in Ba
rclaycard’s Privacy Policy.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating i
n the Program through use of the Account and accepting and using rewards earned 
through the Program through use of the Account, you or any other beneficiary of 
the Program or Account release, discharge and hold harmless Barclaycard and thei
r respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators,
 employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damag
es or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising
 out of participation in the Program through use of the Account or travel taken 
or use of products purchased in connection with the Program through use of the A
ccount. Barclaycard is not responsible for unauthorized redemptions. Barclaycard
 has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of rewards or a cardmemb
er’s right to possess rewards.Important General Program DisclosuresAmerican Airl
ines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® program and its terms and cond
itions at any time without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® Program with six m
onths’ notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use the awards or mil
eage credits that you have accumulated. Unless specified, AAdvantage® miles earn
ed through use of the Account do not count toward elite-status qualification or 
AAdvantage® Million MilerSM status. American Airlines is not responsible for pro
ducts or services offered by other participating companies. For complete details
 about the AAdvantage® program, visit aa.com/aadvantage.Barclaycard is not respo
nsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document. AAdvantage® miles
 earned through the Account cannot be combined with other discount or reward pro
grams unless specifically authorized by us.  Barclaycard reserves the right to c
orrect inaccurate rewards values represented on statements or our website, at ou
r sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict, or 
terminate the Reward Rules or any aspects or features of the Reward Rules at any
 time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be in 
our sole discretion.A portion of all travel booked on American Airlines may be A
merican Eagle® service, operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., Expre
ssJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wiscons
in Airlines Corporation, Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airli
nes, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC.American Airlines, American Eagle, AAdv
antage, AAdvantage Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, the Flight Symbol 
logo and the Tail Design are marks of American Airlines, Inc.Customer ServiceIf 
you have any questions about your Account, please contact the customer service p
hone number on the back of your card.©2018 Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard),
 Member FDIC                        