                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases10.49%This APR will vary with the market based
 on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers10.49%This APR will vary with the ma
rket based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances10.49%This APR will vary with 
the market based on the Prime Rate.How to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesYour
 due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not
 charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date
 each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf you are charged interest, the charge will 
be no less than $0.50.For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protectio
n BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a cre
dit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http:
//www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. FeesAnnual Fee$0Transaction Fees: Balance T
ransfer$0Cash Advance$3 for each cash advanceForeign Transaction0% of each trans
action in U.S. dollars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $27 (the amount of the fe
e varies by state, see below) Returned PaymentUp to $27 (the amount of the fee v
aries by state, see below) How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method c
alled "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa a
t the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance 
(including new purchases)".Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information 
about the Barclaycard Ring Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefull
y review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points ar
e earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer be
fore applying.Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee: Up to $27 (Up to $15 for
 residents of Iowa at time of account opening)Returned Payment: Up to $27 (Up to
 $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening)Agreement: The use of any 
account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and w
ill be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, f
ees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated wi
th the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  ++Your Tel
ephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you app
ly or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to con
tact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to
 use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standar
d text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.About This Offer: You must be 
at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are res
idents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territ
ories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an account with
 us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income cri
teria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insuffi
cient based on your current obligations, we may be unable to open an account for
 you. Please review the materials provided with your card for details.    About 
Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in 
connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account f
or you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our 
credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of 
any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. About the Variable
 APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Stre
et Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purch
ase and balance transfer APR, we add 5.74% to the Prime Rate. For the cash advan
ce APR, we add 5.74% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more d
etail. The APRs noted above are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rate of 4
.75%.*Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help 
the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, F
ederal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record inf
ormation that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to yo
u: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, dat
e of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to 
identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also as
k for country of citizenship.Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request 
a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Masterca
rd, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process
 a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned c
redit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a part
ial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new acco
unt will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer f
ees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. 
We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you m
ay have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You
 should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you
 do, you may lose your dispute rights. Upon approval of your application we will
 process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have
 requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day 
time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number 
on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to y
our other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer app
ears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance t
ransfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or
 Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new cre
dit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. W
e may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.Credit Limit
: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not cons
ider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request f
or a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account inde
pendent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.Cash Equivalent 
Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lo
ttery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are
 treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.New 
York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of 
Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny
.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace peri
ods. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that
 all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and 
that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each indivi
dual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with
 this law.Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, 
unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will
 adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give u
s a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it
.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your
 spouse.About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issue
d and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmingto
n, DE. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by t
he laws of the State of Delaware. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Master
card International Incorporated, and is used by us pursuant to a license. Expres
s Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via next d
ay FedEx delivery after your account is opened if the request for express delive
ry is made before 3:00 p.m. ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00 p.
m. ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to you
r home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user
(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered. Th
e information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 03/30/2018 and ma
y change after this date.GIVEBACK™ For purposes of the Giveback™ program of your
 Barclaycard Ring MasterCard®, there is a profit sharing feature. This profit sh
aring feature is not based on the actual profits of the program. Instead, the Gi
veback™ program contains a transparent calculation that is used to determine wha
t will be shared with the community members and which may or may not approximate
 actual profits. The Giveback™ program and the profit sharing features are offer
ed at our sole discretion. We may discontinue the program at anytime. You have n
o property or other legal right in any aspect of the Giveback™ program, includin
g profit sharing amounts that have yet to be distributed and amounts forfeited a
s a result of account or Program closure. In addition, your account must be in g
ood standing at the time the Giveback™ is distributed to receive the Reward. The
 transparent calculations for the Giveback™ program are provided online. To be e
ligible for Giveback™ you do not need to register online or visit the website. T
he Giveback™ amount will be presented only online; however, you are not required
 to log in to receive the reward.GIVEBACK™ CHARITY Customers will have the optio
n of donating their Giveback™ to a charity. These charitable donations will not 
be eligible for individual tax refunds. Donors will not be given a tax receipt o
f their donation but will be notified of the amount donated when the donation is
 submitted.                        