                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases16.74%,  21.49% or 26.49% based on your credit
 worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.0% APR on
 all Wyndham Timeshare Purchases (see below) for six billing cycles.After that, 
your APR will be 16.74%,  21.49% or 26.49%  based on your credit worthiness. Thi
s APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfer
s0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles following each balance
 transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.After tha
t, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account opening
) your APR will be 16.74%,  21.49% or 26.49% based on your credit worthiness. Th
is APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26
.74%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.How to Avoid Payi
ng Interest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after the close of eac
h billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your en
tire balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf you are charge
d interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card Tips from the C
onsumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. FeesAnnual Fee$0
Transaction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer
, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash a
dvance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction0% of each transaction in U.S. d
ollars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by stat
e, see below) Returned PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, 
see below)  How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily ba
lance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the 
account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new 
purchases)". Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information about the Wynd
ham Rewards Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the re
ward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), inte
rest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.F
ees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of 
Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 for res
idents of Iowa at time of account opening).The “Wyndham Timeshare Purchase” mean
s all Wyndham qualifying timeshare down payments.Agreement: The use of any accou
nt opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will b
e subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, 
and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with th
e account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  You agree that 
if you are not approved for a Signature account you may be approved for a Platin
um account.++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s)
, at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliat
es and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other product
s or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or 
text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.About Thi
s Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to a
pplicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto R
ico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or hav
e had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the
 credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income 
you report is insufficient based on your current obligations,    we may be unabl
e to open an account for you, or you may receive a Platinum card. Platinum benef
its differ from Signature benefits. Please review the materials provided with yo
ur card for details. About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to
 obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and i
f we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that w
e may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell 
the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report ab
out you. About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate 
listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. Fo
r the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 11.99%, 1
6.74% or 21.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash a
dvance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for m
ore detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rate
 of 4.75%.Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To h
elp the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activitie
s, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record
 information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means t
o you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address,
 date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us
 to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We als
o ask for country of citizenship.Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To requ
est a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mast
ercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to pro
cess a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assign
ed credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a 
partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new 
account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transf
er fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transf
er. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account y
ou may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date.
 You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If
 you do, you may lose your dispute rights.Upon approval of your application we w
ill process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you h
ave requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 d
ay time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the numb
er on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post t
o your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer 
appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balanc
e transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express
 or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new 
credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability
. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.Avoiding 
Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you p
ay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this intr
oductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the d
ue date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introduct
ory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least 
the minimum payment due on your account each month.Credit Limit: We do not permi
t applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request fo
r a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular c
redit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and pr
ior to processing any balance transfer request.Cash Equivalent Purchases: The pu
rchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, ga
mbling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash 
advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.New York Residents: N
ew York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Service
s by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free in
formation on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. Notice to Oh
io Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors ma
ke credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit repor
ting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request
.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.Notice 
to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statem
ent or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect
 our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the a
greement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand
 that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.About Us 
and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administere
d by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any accoun
t opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the St
ate of Delaware.  Visa is a registered trademark of VISA USA, Inc. and is used b
y us pursuant to a license.Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account 
your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened 
if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If th
e request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Deliv
ery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you a
dded an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) canno
t be expressed delivered.The information contained in these disclosures is accur
ate as of 03/30/2018 and may change after this date.Barclays' Privacy Policy is 
available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I agree that Barclays Bank Delaware a
nd Wyndham may share information about me and my Account to the extent needed to
 administer the Wyndham Rewards Visa Card in conjunction with the Wyndham Reward
s Program. REWARD RULESWyndham Rewards® Visa® with No Annual Fee – Gold LevelRew
ard Rules:This document contains the official Reward Rules for the Wyndham Rewar
ds Visa Account with No Annual Fee – Gold Level (the “Account”) issued by Barcla
ys Bank Delaware (“Barclaycard”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and includes important con
ditions and limitations (the “Reward Rules”).Use of your Wyndham Rewards Visa Ca
rd (the “Card”) constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below
 and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement. “You, “your” or “primary cardmember”
 means the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in 
these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement
. Please read the Reward Rules and keep this document in a safe place.Wyndham Re
wards® (the "Wyndham Rewards Program" or "Program") is a program offered by Wynd
ham Rewards, Inc., a subsidiary of Wyndham Hotel Group, LLC (collectively, “Wynd
ham”), its successors and assigns. The Wyndham Rewards Program is not a product 
or program of Barclaycard. Wyndham is solely responsible for establishing the te
rms and conditions of your participation and your Wyndham rewards points (“Point
s”) accumulation in the Wyndham Rewards Program. All Wyndham Rewards Program ter
ms and conditions apply. Wyndham may change or terminate the Wyndham Rewards Pro
gram in accordance with its terms and conditions. For a complete explanation of 
the Wyndham Rewards Program’s terms and conditions, go to wyndhamrewards.com/ser
vices/terms. Reward Rules AdministrationThe Reward Rules are administered by Bar
claycard. We reserve the right to modify, amend or terminate the Reward Rules at
 any time with or without notice. We are solely responsible for all credit eligi
bility standards and determination of Account issuance. To maintain your eligibi
lity for participation in the Program through use of the Account:• You must main
tain an open Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with
 us.• Your Account cannot have been inactive for 7 billing cycles in a row (repr
esenting approximately 7 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payme
nts and no transactions.• You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships,
 and other entities may not participate) and use the Card only for personal, fam
ily or household expenses.Earning Wyndham Rewards PointsYou earn Points for reta
il purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you
 and/or any Authorized User(s) of the Account:You will earn three (3) Points for
 every one dollar ($1.00) spent on eligible new Net Purchase transactions made w
ith the Account on participating hotel purchases, Wyndham Vacation Rental North 
America properties, and on-property spend and maintenance fees (excluding timesh
are down payment transactions) at Club Wyndham, WorldMark by Wyndham and Shell V
acations Club properties. Visit wyndhamrewards.com/terms or call Wyndham Rewards
 Member Services for Participating Hotel Chains (as defined in Wyndham Rewards T
erms &amp; Conditions) and participating Wyndham Rewards hotels. Participating H
otel Chains and participating Wyndham Rewards hotels are subject to change at an
y time without notice.For more information on Wyndham Vacation Rentals North Ame
rica, including an inventory of properties, visit wyndhamvacationrentals.com.For
 more information on Wyndham Vacation Ownership, including an overview of resort
s, please visit wyndhamworldwide.com/category/wyndham-vacation-ownership.You wil
l earn two (2) Points for every one dollar ($1.00) spent on eligible gas, utilit
y, and grocery store (excluding Target® and Walmart®) new Net Purchase transacti
ons made with the Account, each as described in the section below titled “Gas, U
tility &amp; Grocery Store Purchases.” Purchases must be submitted by merchants 
using the merchant category codes for purchases in these categories to qualify f
or the additional Points. Neither Wyndham nor Barclaycard are responsible for in
correctly coded purchases. Additional Points may not be earned if the merchant s
ubmits the transaction using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mo
bile or digital wallet to pay for the purchase. Additionally, purchases made thr
ough third parties, including online marketplaces and resellers, or using a thir
d-party payment account will not earn additional Points.  You will earn one (1) 
point per one dollar ($1) spent on all other purchases (except Wyndham Vacation 
Ownership timeshare downpayment transactions at Club Wyndham, WorldMark by Wyndh
am and Shell Vacations Club properties, which do not earn points).Gas, Utility &
amp; Grocery Store PurchasesGas purchases are defined as automated fuel dispense
rs and service stations, as identified by the merchant category codes. Utility p
urchases are defined as telecommunications services, cable, satellite, electric,
 gas, heating oil and water, as identified by the merchant category codes. Groce
ry store purchases are defined as grocery stores, as identified by the merchant 
category codes, excluding Target® and Walmart®. Please note, some merchants that
 sell grocery items are not included in this category. For example, warehouse cl
ubs, drug stores, discount stores and merchants that sell a limited number of gr
ocery items are not included.Bonus PointsWyndham Rewards Visa Card – Cardholders
 will earn 15,000 Wyndham Rewards Points upon the first use of the card for a pu
rchase or balance transfer.Important information about earning PointsNet Purchas
es for a billing cycle are determined by totaling all new Purchases added to the
 Account during the billing cycle, and then subtracting credits posted to the Ac
count during the billing cycle for returned Purchases and/or adjustments. For pu
rposes of reporting Net Purchases, Barclaycard may round up or down to the neare
st whole dollar amount. If credits for returned Purchases and/or adjustments exc
eed new Purchases during a billing cycle, Barclaycard will calculate negative Ne
t Purchases and reduce the primary cardmember’s accrued Points accordingly. Poin
t accumulation is subject to certain limitations, exclusions and restrictions. B
arclaycard is not responsible for awarding Points under the Wyndham Rewards Prog
ram, to arrange or provide for any goods or services related to the use of Point
s, for any delay, failure, or refusal by Wyndham to award or redeem Points, or f
or any decision by Wyndham to revoke or cancel Points or membership in the Wyndh
am Rewards Program.Your monthly Wyndham Rewards Visa Account statement will show
 the Points earned each billing cycle through use of the Account. On the closing
 date of each billing cycle that your Account remains open and in good standing,
 Barclaycard will report to Wyndham the Net Purchases made using your Account du
ring that billing cycle and request that Wyndham award Points. If your Account i
s not open or in good standing on the date a billing cycle closes, then Barclayc
ard will report no Net Purchases to Wyndham for that billing cycle. Barclaycard 
will ask that Points be awarded to the primary cardmember’s Wyndham Rewards Prog
ram membership, regardless of whether the primary cardmember or an authorized us
er on the Account made the Purchase.Balance Transfers, Cash Advances (including 
Cash Equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Card o
r Account number to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and
 lottery tickets), fees, interest charges, and unauthorized/fraudulent transacti
ons do not earn Points.There is no limit to the total Points you can earn as lon
g as the Program continues and the Account is open, active and in good standing.
For information regarding the terms of the Wyndham Rewards Program, including Po
int expiration policy, please visit wyndhamrewards.com or contact Wyndham Reward
s Member Services at 866-WYN-RWDS (866-996-7937).Barclaycard reserves the right,
 in its sole discretion, to disqualify any cardmember from participating in the 
Program through use of the Account and to invalidate any or all Points earned fo
r abuse, fraud, or any violation of the Reward Rules.Redeeming PointsTo redeem y
our Points, log on to wyndhamrewards.com. You may also call Wyndham Rewards Memb
er Services at 866-WYN-RWDS (866-996-7937).Points RestrictionsYou may not earn o
r redeem Points during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:• You
r Account becomes delinquent.• Your Account is otherwise in default under your C
ardmember Agreement with us (your Account is not in good standing).• You, or any
 authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use 
of the Account to participate in the Program or engage in activity that is deeme
d to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Po
ints ForfeitureYou may forfeit accrued Points that have not been transferred to 
your Wyndham Rewards account if any of the following occur:• Your Account become
s seriously delinquent, as determined by us in our sole discretion.• You or we c
lose your Account for any reason.• You, or any authorized user on the Account, e
ngage in fraudulent activity on your Account.• Your Account is otherwise in defa
ult under your Cardmember Agreement with us (your Account is not in good standin
g).• You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity 
through the use of the Account to participate in the Program, or engage in activ
ity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our s
ole discretion.Other Cardmember BenefitsThe primary cardmember will receive Wynd
ham Rewards Gold Level in his or her Wyndham Rewards Program membership. This be
nefit is not available to authorized users through the Wyndham Rewards Visa. Ple
ase allow 2-8 weeks after Account opening for this update to be made to the prim
ary cardmember’s Wyndham Rewards Program membership. The primary cardmember will
 continue to receive Wyndham Rewards Gold Level through the Wyndham Rewards Visa
 as long as the Account is open and in good standing. You can achieve other Wynd
ham Rewards Program levels by meeting Wyndham Rewards Program eligibility requir
ements. Wyndham Rewards Inc. reserves the right to change or cancel the member l
evel program and benefits at any time with or without notice. For details on the
 Terms and Conditions of the Wyndham Rewards Program levels and benefits, please
 visit WyndhamRewards.com/levels.Responsibility of the Parties/Information Shari
ngWyndham is not a party to the Cardmember Agreement between you and Barclaycard
, does not participate in any extension of credit, has no authority regarding th
e Account and is not responsible for any goods or services offered by Barclaycar
d. Barclaycard is not responsible for any goods or services offered by Wyndham. 
You authorize Barclaycard to share information about your Account with Wyndham t
o the extent needed to administer the Program and for Wyndham to share informati
on about your Wyndham Rewards Program membership with Barclaycard to the extent 
needed to administer your Account. You also agree that Barclaycard may share Acc
ount information as set forth in Barclaycard’s Privacy Policy and that Wyndham m
ay share Wyndham Rewards Program membership information as set forth in Wyndham’
s Privacy Policy.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Prog
ram through use of the Account and accepting and using Points earned through the
 Program, you (and any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) re
lease, discharge and hold harmless Barclaycard and its respective parent compani
es, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, direc
tors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, 
but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in th
e Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Pr
ogram. Barclaycard is not responsible for unauthorized redemptions. Barclaycard 
has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of Points or items receiv
ed through redemptions or a cardmember’s right to possess Points or make redempt
ions.Important General DisclosuresThe Program is subject to change or terminatio
n with or without notification. Other significant terms may apply. All trademark
s and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not responsible fo
r typographical errors or omissions in this document. Points cannot be combined 
with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized. We reserv
e the right to correct inaccurate rewards values represented on statements or ou
r website, in our sole discretion. We may, in our sole discretion, cancel, modif
y, restrict, or terminate participation in the Program through use of the Accoun
t or any aspects or features of the same at any time, with or without notice. Al
l interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be in our sole discretion.Customer S
erviceIf you have any questions about the Account, please contact the customer s
ervice phone number on the back of your card.© 2017 Barclays Bank Delaware (Barc
laycard), Member FDIC                         