                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases16.49%, 21.49% or 26.49%, based on your credit
 worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for B
alance Transfers0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles followi
ng each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account op
ening.After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of 
account opening) your APR will be 16.49%, 21.49%, or 26.49% based on your credit
 worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for 
Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Ho
w to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after t
he close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if 
you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf
 you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card 
Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to
 consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Con
sumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. F
eesAnnual Fee$0Transaction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount o
f each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount
 of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction0% of each transa
ction in U.S. dollars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee
 varies by state, see below) Returned PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee va
ries by state, see below) How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method ca
lled "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at
 the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (
including new purchases)". Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information 
about the Priceline Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully revie
w the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earne
d), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before ap
plying.Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for resid
ents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15
 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).Agreement: The use of any acc
ount opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will
 be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees
, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with 
the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  You agree tha
t if you are not approved for a Signature account you may be approved for a Plat
inum account.++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(
s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affili
ates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other produ
cts or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message o
r text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.About T
his Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to
 applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto
 Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or h
ave had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet t
he credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the incom
e you report is insufficient based on your current obligations,    we may be una
ble to open an account for you, or you may receive a Platinum card. Platinum ben
efits differ from Signature benefits. Please review the materials provided with 
your card for details. About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right 
to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and
 if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that
 we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tel
l the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report 
about you. About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rat
e listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. 
For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 11.74%,
 16.74% or 21.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash
 advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for
 more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Ra
te of 4.75%.Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To
 help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activit
ies, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and reco
rd information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means
 to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street addres
s, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow 
us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We a
lso ask for country of citizenship.Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To re
quest a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Ma
stercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to p
rocess a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assi
gned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send 
a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your ne
w account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance tran
sfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance tran
sfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account
 you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction dat
e. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. 
If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.Upon approval of your application we
 will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you
 have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10
 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the nu
mber on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post
 to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfe
r appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a bala
nce transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Expre
ss or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your ne
w credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availabili
ty. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.Avoidin
g Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you
 pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this in
troductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the
 due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introdu
ctory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at leas
t the minimum payment due on your account each month.Credit Limit: We do not per
mit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request 
for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular
 credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and 
prior to processing any balance transfer request.Cash Equivalent Purchases: The 
purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, 
gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cas
h advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.New York Residents:
 New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Servi
ces by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free 
information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. Notice to 
Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors 
make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit rep
orting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon reque
st.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.Notic
e to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral stat
ement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affe
ct our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the
 agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understa
nd that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.About U
s and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administe
red by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any acco
unt opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the 
State of Delaware.  Visa is a registered trademark of VISA USA, Inc. and is used
 by us pursuant to a license.Express Delivery: If you are approved for an accoun
t your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opene
d if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If 
the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Del
ivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you
 added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) can
not be expressed delivered.The information contained in these disclosures is acc
urate as of 03/30/2018 and may change after this date.Information Sharing:Barcla
y Bank Delaware (“Barclaycard”)’s Privacy Policy is available online at www.pric
elinerewardsvisa.com. I agree that Barclaycard and Priceline will share informat
ion to the extent needed to administer the priceline rewards program. priceline 
Rewards Visa® Reward RulesThis document contains the official Reward Rules for t
he priceline Rewards Visa Account ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware (
"Barclaycard", "we", "us", or "our") and includes important conditions and limit
ations ("Reward Rules") for the priceline Rewards Program ("Program"). Use of yo
ur priceline Rewards Visa Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the ter
ms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement (“Cardmember Agreem
ent”). "You", "your" or "primary cardmember" means the person who applied for th
e Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning 
ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.The Privacy Policy for Barclaycard 
is available online at pricelinerewardsvisa.com.  You agree that Barclaycard and
 priceline.com will share information to the extent needed to administer the Pro
gram.Reward Rules Administration The Program and Reward Rules are administered b
y Barclaycard located in Wilmington, DE. We reserve the right to modify, amend o
r terminate the Reward Rules and the Program at any time with or without notice.
 You can review current Reward Rules anytime by logging in to your Account at pr
icelinerewardsvisa.com.Gift card/certificates and merchandise redemptions are ad
ministered by LoyaltyEdge LLC. (“Loyalty Edge”) an independent company not affil
iated with Barclaycard or priceline.com. “Rewards Terms &amp; Conditions” specif
ic to the aforementioned redemptions are available at pricelinerewardsvisa.com o
n the Shop page.To maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program th
rough use of the Account:•  You must maintain an open Account that is not in def
ault under your Cardmember Agreement with us (in “Good Standing”). See sections 
titled “Points Restrictions” and “Points Forfeiture” for more details.•  Your Ac
count cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cycles in a row (representing appr
oximately 6 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments and no tr
ansactions.You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other enti
ties may not participate) and use the Account only for personal, family or house
hold expenses.Earning PointsYou earn points for purchases less credits, returns 
and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user of the 
Account as follows:• You earn 5 points for every $1.00 spent on eligible Net Pur
chases made at priceline.com®. Eligible purchases include: cruises (as defined b
y the merchant category code), Name Your Own Price®, Express Deals™ and Pay Now 
bookings, as well as purchases of Trip Protection products, made on priceline.co
m. A Pay Now booking is any booking that requires payment at the time of booking
.  For more information on Name Your Own Price, Express Deals, and Trip Protecti
on, please see priceline.com.• You earn 1 point for every $1.00 spent on all oth
er Net Purchases.• Balance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent t
ransactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Account  to obtain mone
y orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, intere
st charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases.• When a purchase or transactio
n is not a whole dollar amount, any fraction equal to or greater than $0.50 will
 be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar and any fraction equal to or less tha
n $0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole dollar to calculate your point
s earned. For example, if you make a purchase in the amount of $25.49, you will 
be awarded 25 points, but if the purchase or transaction amount is $25.50, you w
ill be awarded 26 points.Bonus Points• You will receive a one-time bonus of 5,00
0 points after your first purchase or balance transfer posts to this Account. Bo
nus points will be posted at the close of the first billing statement after the 
initial qualifying purchase or balance transfer is made. This bonus is limited t
o new cardmembers only.• You will earn 1 point per $1.00 in balances transferred
 to your priceline Rewards Visa credit card in the first 60 days after the Accou
nt is opened, up to a maximum of 5,000 points.From time to time, we may offer bo
nuses of points or other incentives to new priceline Rewards Visa cardmembers in
 connection with an application for a new account. These bonuses and /or incenti
ves are intended for persons who are not and have not previously been priceline 
Rewards Visa cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no longer be eli
gible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new priceline Rewar
ds Visa account after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or incentiv
e for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current or former price
line Rewards Visa cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or reduce yo
ur points by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Account for th
e fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.Redeeming Points•
 The primary cardmember can redeem points, either by phone or by logging in to t
heir Account online.  Any authorized user on the Account is able to redeem point
s by phone.• To redeem, visit pricelinerewardsvisa.com or call the number on the
 back of your card.• Points can be redeemed for statement credits toward eligibl
e purchases, gift cards and merchandise. Redemptions for statement credits towar
d eligible priceline.com purchases offer the best value. See section titled “Sta
tement Credit Redemptions” for more details.Statement Credit Redemptions•  price
line.com statement credits:•  priceline.com statement credits are the best value
.• Eligible priceline.com purchases of $25 or more posted to your Account within
 the last 120 days can be redeemed for statement credit redemptions at a 1.5% va
lue. For example, 1,667 points can be redeemed for a $25 statement credit toward
 a priceline.com purchase. Eligible purchases include: cruises (as defined by th
e merchant category code), Name Your Own Price®, Express Deals™ and Pay Now book
ings, as well as purchases of Trip Protection products, made on priceline.com. A
 Pay Now booking is any booking that requires payment at the time of booking.• N
on-priceline.com statement credits:• Non-priceline.com purchases of $25 or more 
posted to your Account within the last 120 days can be redeemed for statement cr
edit redemption at a 1% value. For example, 2,500 points can be redeemed for a $
25 statement credit toward a non-priceline.com purchase. • If you do not have en
ough points available to redeem for the full purchase amount, you will only be a
ble to redeem within pre-determined $25 statement credit increments between $25 
and $2,000.• If you redeem your points for a statement credit, the credit will b
e posted to your Account within 1-2 business days from the date you redeem.• The
 statement credit will appear on your Account billing statement within 1 billing
 cycle after the points are redeemed. There is no limit to the number of points 
that may be redeemed in any billing cycle.•  Statement credits reduce your Accou
nt balance but cannot be applied toward any minimum payment due and are otherwis
e subject to the terms and conditions applicable to your Account.Gift Card/Certi
ficate Redemptions• Redemptions for gift cards start at 3,000 points for $25.• T
he selection of gift cards are subject to availability and the number of points 
needed to redeem for them may change at any time.• Terms of gift cards and/or ce
rtificate redemptions are subject to the rules of the merchant and may be viewed
 online where you select gift card/certificate for redemptions. Each merchant/pr
ovider has the right to place restrictions on the use of its gift cards or gift 
certificates. Gift cards or gift certificates are not exchangeable, refundable, 
transferable or redeemable for cash, cannot be replaced if lost or stolen and ar
e void where prohibited.• Additional terms and restrictions apply. For complete 
details, cardmembers can review the Rewards Terms &amp; Conditions provided at p
ricelinerewardsvisa.com on the Shop page.Merchandise Redemptions• The selection 
of merchandise items are subject to availability and the number of points needed
 to redeem them may change at any time.•  Any purchase, price and return protect
ion and extended warranty coverage associated with your Account are not applicab
le to rewards. The manufacturers’ warranty, if any, applies to items offered. Pl
ease check product terms and conditions online where you select merchandise for 
redemptions for additional product information details.  • Velvet Glove delivery
 is available on select products. Additional details are available where you sel
ect merchandise for redemptions.• Additional terms and restrictions apply. For c
omplete details, cardmembers can review the Rewards Terms &amp; Conditions provi
ded at pricelinerewardsvisa.com on the Shop page.Merchandise Return Policy• Merc
handise is nonrefundable and nonreturnable.• Mail Delivery: If the merchandise y
ou received is damaged or defective, you must contact the customer service numbe
r on the back of your card immediately and the merchandise must be returned with
in 30 days of delivery. No exchanges or returns are accepted after 30 days. Prod
ucts must be in their original packaging. All parts must be included in the pack
age before credit will be issued or a replacement of the damaged or defective me
rchandise will be shipped.• Velvet Glove Delivery: Should you find an issue with
 the merchandise, you should refuse the delivery, ask the carrier to re-package 
and remove the merchandise from your premises, and contact the customer service 
number on the back of your card. Once you accept delivery, no refunds, exchanges
, or replacements will be allowed.  10% Travel Redemption Bonus• You earn 10% of
 your points back as a travel redemption bonus, to use toward your next redempti
on, every time you redeem for statement credits toward eligible priceline.com an
d eligible travel purchases. For example, if you redeem 25,000 points for a stat
ement credit toward an eligible priceline.com or other eligible travel purchase,
 you will receive 2,500 points as a bonus to use toward your next redemption. Tr
avel Redemption Bonus points are added to your account within 1 business day aft
er your travel statement credit redemption is processed. Travel purchases eligib
le for the 10% Travel Redemption Bonus are defined as: Airlines, Hotels, Motels,
 Timeshares, Campgrounds, Car Rental Agencies, Cruise Lines, Travel Agencies, To
urist Attractions, Discount Travel Sites, Trains, Buses, Taxis, Limousines, and 
Ferries. To qualify for the 10% Travel Redemption Bonus, travel purchases must b
e submitted by merchants using the eligible merchant category codes for purchase
s in the above categories. Barclaycard is not responsible for incorrectly coded 
purchases.Important Information about Points• As long as the Program continues a
nd the Account is open, active and in Good Standing, there is no limit to the to
tal points you can earn and your points will not expire.• In the event of any ab
usive, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Account or violation of the 
Reward Rules, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right t
o make corresponding adjustments to or invalidate points accrued in the Program 
through use of the Account, to disqualify you from participating in the Program 
through use of the Account, and/or to close your Account at any time. Abusive or
 gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an account 
to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consu
mer activity, as determined by us in our sole discretion.• You will have 60 days
, from the Account closure date, to redeem any outstanding points, as long as yo
ur Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the 
Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure.•  All points earned 
by the primary cardmember and any authorized user will be added to the primary c
ardmember’s points balance.• If you do not receive credit for earned points, ple
ase contact the customer service number on the back of your card.• You have no p
roperty rights or other legal interest in points. Point amounts have no cash val
ue or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed.• Points may not be transf
erred or assigned.• The Program is subject to all applicable laws and regulation
s.• You are solely responsible for any taxes that may be owed as a result of poi
nts earned and/or redeemed. Please consult your tax advisor if you have tax ques
tions about the Program. Barclaycard does not provide tax advice.• You can view 
your current point balance at pricelinerewardsvisa.com and a summary of your poi
nts on your monthly Account billing statement.Points RestrictionsYou may not ear
n or redeem points during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:• 
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity throu
gh the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or
 gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming a
ctivity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize 
rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity
, as determined by us in our sole discretion.• You fail to make the minimum paym
ent due by the payment due date.• Your Account becomes delinquent.• Your Account
 is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.Points Forfeitu
reYou may forfeit your points if any of the following occur:• You, or any author
ized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your
 Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, a
s determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, 
but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in 
a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity, as determined by
 us in our sole discretion.• Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as deter
mined by Barclaycard in its sole discretion.• Your Account is otherwise in defau
lt under your Cardmember Agreement with us.• You or we close your Account for an
y reason.  You will have 60 days from the Account closure date to redeem any out
standing points, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gami
ng, fraud or violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of
 closure.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program and 
accepting and using points earned through the Program, you (on your behalf and o
n behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, 
discharge and hold harmless Barclaycard,  and its respective parent companies, s
ubsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors,
 successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but n
ot limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Pro
gram or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program
. Barclaycard, princeline.com, and Loyalty Edge are not responsible for unauthor
ized redemptions on your Account. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagr
eement over issuance of points or items received through redemptions or a cardme
mber’s right to possess points or make redemptions. Important General Program Di
sclosuresWe may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict or terminate t
he Program or any aspects or features of the Program at any time without prior n
otice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules and Rewards Terms &amp; Condition
s shall be at our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply. All tradem
arks and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not responsible
 for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile app, or
 any marketing materials. Points cannot be combined with other discount or rewar
d programs unless specifically authorized by us.Customer ServiceIf you have any 
questions about the Program, please contact the customer service phone number on
 the back of your card.     © 2017 Barclays Bank Delaware, member FDIC          
              