                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases17.49% or 26.49% based on your credit worthine
ss.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Tr
ansfers0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles following each b
alance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.Aft
er that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account o
pening) your APR will be 17.49% or 26.49% based on your credit worthiness. This 
APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74
%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.How to Avoid Paying 
Interest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after the close of each b
illing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entir
e balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf you are charged i
nterest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card Tips from the Cons
umer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when app
lying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Pr
otection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. FeesAnnual FeeFront
ier World Mastercard with Annual Fee: $69Transaction Fees: Balance TransferEithe
r $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEith
er $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Tr
ansaction3% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to 
$37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) Returned PaymentUp to $37
 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below)  How We Will Calculate Your 
Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)". If yo
u are a resident of Iowa at the time the account is opened, we use a method call
ed "average daily balance (including new purchases)". Terms and Conditions Conti
nued:Important Information about the Frontier Credit Card Program: Offers may va
ry. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and 
how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this 
particular offer before applying.Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up t
o $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Pay
ment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).Agr
eement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constit
ute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be s
ent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and
 features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permit
ted by law.  ++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(
s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affili
ates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other produ
cts or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message o
r text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.About T
his Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to
 applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto
 Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or h
ave had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet t
he credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the incom
e you report is insufficient based on your current obligations, we may be unable
 to open an account for you. Please review the materials provided with your card
 for details.    About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obt
ain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we
 establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we ma
y report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the 
names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about 
you. About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate list
ed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For th
e non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 12.74% or 21.
74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, 
we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. 
The APRs noted above are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rate of 4.75%.Im
portant Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the gove
rnment fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal l
aw requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information
 that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When 
you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of bir
th, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify
 you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for co
untry of citizenship.Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balanc
e transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa
, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balan
ce transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit li
ne on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial paym
ent to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will
 be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We 
reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will 
not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have 
with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should 
not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you
 may lose your dispute rights.Upon approval of your application we will process 
the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requeste
d on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time peri
od you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the ba
ck of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other
 accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on t
he other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer f
rom another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover
 Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card 
once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may den
y balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.Avoiding Interest on 
Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you pay your enti
re balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this introductory per
iod we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each
 month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Bala
nce Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum 
payment due on your account each month.Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants
 to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance 
transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit.
 We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to proce
ssing any balance transfer request.Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of mo
ney orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips
, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Pl
ease see your Cardmember Agreement for details.New York Residents: New York resi
dents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telepho
ne (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on
 comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. Notice to Ohio Residents
: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit eq
ually available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencie
s maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio 
Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.Notice to Married W
isconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court
 decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interes
ts unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, st
atement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may
 be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.About Us and This Cre
dit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclay
s Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in 
response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaw
are. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporat
ed, and is used by us pursuant to a license. Express Delivery: If you are approv
ed for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your 
account is opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET 
of that day. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the fo
llowing day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is 
required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additi
onal card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.The information contained in these di
sclosures is accurate as of 03/30/2018 and may change after this date.Informatio
n Sharing:Barclays' Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com.
 I agree that Barclays Bank Delaware and Frontier Airlines may share information
 about me and my account to the extent needed to administer the Frontier Airline
s Mastercard in conjunction with the Frontier Airlines EarlyReturns program. The
 Frontier Airlines® Mastercard® Rewards program Rules: This document contains th
e official Rewards Program Rules for the Frontier Airlines® Mastercard® Account 
(the “Account”) issued by Barclays Bank Delaware (“Barclaycard”, “we”, “us” or “
our”) and includes important conditions and limitations (the “Reward Rules”). Pl
ease read these Reward Rules and keep this document in a safe place. EarlyReturn
s® is a frequent flyer program offered by Frontier Airlines (the “Program”) and 
is not a product or program of Barclaycard. Frontier Airlines is solely responsi
ble for establishing the terms and conditions of your participation and mileage 
accumulation in the Program. Terms and conditions of the Program are published b
y Frontier Airlines at flyfrontier.com, and Frontier Airlines reserves the right
 to change the Program at any time with or without prior notice. “You, “your” or
 “primary cardmember” means the person who applied for the Account. Use of your 
Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below. Capita
lized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them 
in the Cardmember Agreement. Reward Rules AdministrationThe Reward Rules are adm
inistered by Barclaycard. We are solely responsible for all credit and eligibili
ty standards and determination of Account issuance. To qualify for participation
 in the Program and to maintain your good standing:• You must maintain an open a
nd active Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us
.• Your Account cannot have been inactive for six billing cycles in a row (repre
senting approximately six months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no paym
ents and no transactions.• You must pay your annual fee.• You must be an individ
ual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate). EarlyR
eturns program Membership• If your EarlyReturns® Program membership number was i
ncluded in the application, we will add that number to your Account automaticall
y.• If the EarlyReturns® membership number that you provided is found to be inva
lid or you did not provide us with an EarlyReturns® membership number, a new Ear
lyReturns® membership account number will be assigned to you.• Only one EarlyRet
urns® membership number will be established per Account, and assigned to the pri
mary Cardmember on that Account.Important Information about EarlyReturns® Miles•
 Subject to the Program, EarlyReturns® members must have mileage earning or rede
eming activity once every six months in order to retain their miles. If the memb
er’s EarlyReturns® account has no qualifying activity in a six-month period, Fro
ntier Airlines will expire all miles in the EarlyReturns® account.• You have no 
property rights or other legal interest in EarlyReturns® miles. Miles have no ca
sh value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed. Miles may not be as
signed, transferred or pledged.• You are responsible for any tax liability relat
ed to participating in the Program.• If you are not credited for earned EarlyRet
urns® miles or other benefits, once identified, the earned EarlyReturns® miles o
r other benefits will be credited. If EarlyReturns® miles or other benefits are 
not available, a comparable benefit will be provided as determined by us.• In th
e event of any abusive, gaming (manufactured spend, etc) or fraudulent activity 
related to the Account, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve t
he right to close your Account at any time.• The Program is subject to all appli
cable laws and regulations. The redemption of EarlyReturns® miles is void where 
prohibited by law. The sale or barter of any Reward offered through the Program,
 other than by us, is expressly prohibited.Miles RestrictionsYou may not earn Ea
rlyReturns® miles during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:• Y
ou fail to make the Minimum Payment Due by its Payment Due Date.• Your Account b
ecomes delinquent.• Your Account does not remain in good standing as defined in 
the Cardmember Agreement.• You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in
 any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that
 is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole disc
retion.Miles ForfeitureYour EarlyReturns® miles may be forfeited if any of the f
ollowing occur:• Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by us 
at our sole discretion.• You or we close your Account for any reason.• You, or a
ny authorized user on the Account, engage in fraudulent activity on your Account
.• You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity on
 your Account, or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming cond
uct, as determined by us in our sole discretion.• We reserve the right, at our s
ole discretion, to disqualify any Cardmember from participating in the Program a
nd to invalidate any or all miles earned for abuse, fraud, or any violation of t
he Program Rules.Earning MilesYou earn EarlyReturns® miles on Purchases made wit
h the Account, less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”), by you a
nd/or any authorized user(s) of the Card.• You earn Two (2) EarlyReturns® miles 
for every one dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases made with the Account, rounded up 
or down to the nearest dollar, on tickets, goods and services purchased directly
 from Frontier Airlines (“Frontier Purchases”). Eligible Frontier Airlines Purch
ases are items billed by Frontier Airlines as merchant of record booked through 
Frontier Airlines channels (flyfrontier.com, Frontier Airlines reservations, and
 Frontier Airlines airport and city ticket counters). Products or services that 
do not qualify are car rentals, hotel reservations, Frontier Airlines Vacations 
packages, and duty free items. Miles earned will be posted to the primary Cardme
mber’s EarlyReturns® account in 8-10 weeks.• You earn One (1) EarlyReturns® mile
 for every one dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases made with the Account everywhere 
else.• Balance transfers, cash advances, cash equivalent transactions (transacti
ons in highly liquid assets, e.g. assets that are directly convertible to cash s
uch as, but not limited to, money orders, travelers checks, foreign currency, ga
mbling chips and lottery tickets), purchases made by or for a business or for a 
business purpose, fees, interest charges, and unauthorized/fraudulent transactio
ns do not earn EarlyReturns® miles.• There is no limit to the number of EarlyRet
urns® miles you can earn as long as the Program continues and your Account remai
ns open and in good standing.Welcome BonusFrontier Mastercard cardmembers: 40,00
0 bonus miles will be awarded after you use your Account during the first 90 day
s for purchases that total $500 or greater that are not later returned, disputed
, or rescinded and the annual fee has been paid. All Welcome Bonus miles will be
 credited to your account at the close of the first billing statement in which t
he qualifying purchase has posted and after the annual fee has been paid. The an
nual fee is considered paid when the cardmember makes payments greater than or e
qual to the disclosed annual fee. Welcome bonus miles are available to new cardm
embers only.Additional Benefits of your Account$100 Frontier Airlines Flight Dis
count VoucherEarn a $100 Frontier Airlines Flight Discount Voucher after your Ac
count anniversary when you have spent $2,500 or more in Purchases on your Accoun
t during your Cardmembership year (each 12 month period through and including yo
ur Account anniversary date). The Flight Discount Voucher expires 180 days from 
date of issue. The Flight Discount Voucher will be issued approximately 6-8 week
s after the Account anniversary date if the $2,500 in Purchases requirement was 
met during the Cardmembership year. The Flight Discount Voucher will be delivere
d via email to the primary cardmember’s email address on file with Barclaycard a
nd will also be available by logging into the primary cardmember’s online accoun
t at BarclaycardUS.com.The Flight Discount Voucher is only redeemable online at 
flyfrontier.com. The Flight Discount Voucher is one time use only and the vouche
r value will be applied to the total price of any one transaction. The Flight Di
scount Voucher may be used for payment toward Frontier Airlines airfare and asso
ciated taxes; however, the Flight Discount Voucher cannot be used to pay for app
licable fees (which will be incurred based on the fare type selected and service
s requested and may include bag fees, seat assignment and change fees to any res
ervation changed after ticketing) or Discount Den memberships. The Flight Discou
nt Voucher is only valid toward travel on Frontier Airlines flights operated by 
Frontier Airlines and does not qualify for frequent flyer mileage. Flight must b
e booked before the Flight Discount Voucher expiration date; however, the flight
 may take place after the voucher expiration date.The Flight Discount Voucher ha
s no cash value and may not be refunded, sold, bartered, or traded. Lost, stolen
 or otherwise destroyed Flight Discount Vouchers will not be replaced. Only the 
original Flight Discount Voucher is acceptable. Reprint and reproduction of the 
Flight Discount Voucher is prohibited. Tickets purchased with the Flight Discoun
t Voucher, and once issued, are non-transferable, non-refundable and may not be 
re-sold. Photo IDs will be verified upon flight check in. Only one Flight Discou
nt Voucher can be applied toward one transaction and cannot be used in conjuncti
on with other coupons, promotions, Frontier Airlines gift cards or forms of paym
ent other than a major credit card. If the ticket price is greater than the valu
e of the Flight Discount Voucher, the difference may be paid with a credit card.
 If the ticket price is less than the value of the Flight Discount Voucher, the 
voucher will not retain the remaining value for use in another transaction.  Awa
rd Redemption Fee WaiverAward redemption fees assessed by Frontier Airlines will
 be waived for the primary cardmember when award tickets are reserved using mile
s from the cardmember's Frontier Airlines EarlyReturns account, and all applicab
le fees/taxes (starting from $5.60 for a one-way ticket) are paid using the Fron
tier Airlines Mastercard at the time of award booking.Frontier Airlines is solel
y responsible for waiving the award redemption fee. Please visit FlyFrontier.com
 for full details on award redemption fees. Responsibility of the parties/Inform
ation SharingFrontier Airlines is not a party to the Cardmember Agreement betwee
n you and Barclaycard, does not participate in any extension of credit, has no a
uthority regarding the Account and is not responsible for any goods or services 
offered by Barclaycard. Barclaycard is not responsible for any goods or services
 offered by Frontier Airlines. You authorize Barclaycard to share information ab
out your Account with Frontier Airlines to the extent needed to administer the P
rogram. You also agree that Barclaycard may share Account information as set for
th in Barclaycard’s Privacy Policy.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy partici
pating in the Program and accepting and using rewards earned through the Program
, you or any other beneficiary of the Program release, discharge and hold harmle
ss Barclaycard and its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, admin
istrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all cla
ims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or deat
h, arising out of participation in the Program or travel taken or use of product
s purchased in connection with the Program. Barclaycard is not responsible for u
nauthorized redemptions on your Account. Barclaycard has no liability in case of
 disagreement over issuance of Rewards or a Cardmember’s right to possess Reward
s.Important General program DisclosuresFrontier Airlines reserves the right to c
hange the EarlyReturns® Program and its terms and conditions at any time without
 notice, and to end the Program with six months’ notice. Any such changes may af
fect your ability to use the awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated
. Frontier Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other
 participating companies. For complete details about the EarlyReturns® Program, 
visit flyfrontier.com.Barclaycard is not responsible for typographical errors or
 omissions in this document. Miles cannot be combined with other discount or rew
ard programs unless specifically authorized by us. Barclaycard reserves the righ
t to correct inaccurate rewards values represented on statements or our website,
 at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restric
t, or terminate the Reward Rules or any aspects or features of the Reward Rules 
to you at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of Reward Rules sha
ll be at our sole discretion.Frontier Airlines and EarlyReturns are trademarks o
f Frontier Airlines, Inc.The Frontier Airlines Mastercard is issued by Barclays 
Bank Delaware pursuant to a license by Mastercard International Incorporated.Cus
tomer ServiceIf you have any questions about your rewards program, please contac
t the customer service phone number on the back of your card.©2017 Barclays Bank
 Delaware (Barclaycard), member FDIC                        