Terms and Conditions                            #CCATC {font-family: Arial, Helv
etica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margin-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%
}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; border-top: solid black 1px; bor
der-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family:
 Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bottom: solid black 0px; borde
r-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px; font-family: Arial, Helvet
ica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: left; vertical-align: top; p
adding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC .top-border { border-top: so
lid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLine {text-indent: -25px; marg
in-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {margin-left: 3em; padding-le
ft: 4em;}Rates and FeesAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases17.49% variable
 or 26.49% variable, depending on our review of your application and credit hist
ory.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance T
ransfers17.49% variable or 26.49% variable, depending on our review of your appl
ication and credit history. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prim
e Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the market based on th
e Prime Rate.Variable Rate InformationYour APR may vary. The rate is determined 
monthly by adding the Prime Rate and:12.74% or 21.74% for Purchases and this rat
e will not be lower than 12.74% or 21.74% respectively.12.74% or 21.74% for Bala
nce Transfers and this rate will not be lower than 12.74% or 21.74% respectively
. 21.99% for Cash Advances and Convenience Checks and this rate will not be lowe
r than 21.99%. See explanation below.**Grace PeriodAt least 20 days Grace Period
 for Purchases from the Statement Closing Date on your periodic statement (provi
ded you pay your previous balance in full by the due date). The Grace Period doe
s not apply to Cash Advances, Balance Transfers or Convenience Checks.Minimum Fi
nance Charge$1.00Method of Computing the Balance for PurchasesAverage Daily Bala
nce (including new purchases) FeesAnnual Fee$95Transaction Fees: Balance Transfe
rEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash Advan
ceEither $10 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Conv
enience CheckEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each Check, whichever is greater.F
oreign Transaction0% of the U.S. Dollar amount.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentFor Acc
ount balances less than $250: $19.   For Account balances equal to or greater th
an $250: $39.Returned Payment $39Returned Convenience Check $39Over-the-Credit-L
ine $0Stop Convenience Check Payment $39Electronic Payment $15Administrative$3 f
or Statement Copy $5 for other documents Research - $15 per hour **The Prime Rat
e used in determining the APRs used on your Account each billing cycle is the hi
ghest rate published in the Money Rates column of The Wall Street Journal on the
 last business day of each month. The variable APRs, which are subject to a mini
mum APR, are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rate of 4.75%.Barclays Bank 
Delaware ("Barclaycard") reserves the right to change the APR and other Charges 
as described above after your Account is opened, and in accordance with the Busi
ness Card Agreement and Delaware law. Barclaycard reserves the right to change a
t any time the benefits and features associated with your card or Account after 
your Account is opened.  We will allocate payments to lower APR balances before 
higher APR balances.Authorization: When you (the "Signing Individual") submit th
is Application for this business credit card account (the "Account") from Barcla
ys Bank Delaware, located in Wilmington, Delaware, you agree to the following: (
1) that you are either a sole proprietor or an authorized representative, office
r, partner, employee or agent of the business identified on the Application (the
 "Business"); (2) that you are at least 18 years of age and a permanent resident
 of the United States, and have truthfully and completely provided the informati
on on this Application; (3) you have reviewed and accept the terms and condition
s provided on this Application; (4) the use of any Account opened or any card is
sued in connection with this offer will constitute your acceptance of and will b
e subject to the terms and conditions of the Business Card Agreement that will b
e sent to you with your card(s);(5) the cards and the Account will be used solel
y for business purposes and will not be used for personal, family or household p
urposes; (6) you and the Business are jointly and severally liable for all charg
es on the Account (which means that you are personally liable for all amounts du
e on the Account);  (7) you certify that you have the authority to permit us to 
issue cards containing the Business name; and (8) you understand that the terms 
of the Account are subject to change as provided in the Business Card Agreement.
About Your Credit Report: You agree that Barclaycard has the right to obtain a c
urrent consumer and business credit report in connection with our review of your
 Application and, subsequently, in connection with a requested charge to your Ac
count, the renewal of your Account, or a change in your credit line; and that we
 have the right to report to others our credit experience with you. Upon your re
quest, we will tell you the name and address of each credit reporting agency fro
m which we obtained a credit report about you or your businessImportant Informat
ion About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the
 funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all 
financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies
 each person who opens an Account. What this means to you: When you apply for an
 Account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other informati
on that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identify
ing documents.Omission: Omission of any information requested on this Applicatio
n may result in a denial of credit.Your Telephone Number: By providing your tele
phone number, at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize Barclay
card and its affiliates, agents and independent contractors to contact you regar
ding your Account at such number using any means of communication, including, bu
t not limited to calls placed to your cell, mobile or other phone using an autom
ated dialing service, prerecorded messages or text messages. Standard text messa
ging and/or calling charges may apply.Offer Availability: This offer is availabl
e only to applicants who are permanent residents of the United States, with the 
exception of Puerto Rico. This offer may not be available to you if you already 
have a credit card account with Barclaycard. Credit Performance: After your Acco
unt is opened, we will periodically review your credit performance. If you do no
t maintain your credit performance with us, we may change your Account terms.Dis
pute Resolution: You agree that any dispute between us will be resolved by bindi
ng Arbitration.Transferring Your Balances. Here's How it Works: Upon approval of
 your Application we will provide you with your Business Card Agreement and, to 
the extent permitted by your credit line, process the Balance Transfer to the cr
edit card account which you have requested (minimum $100, maximum $20,000). Only
 balances from other business credit card accounts or other business related exp
enses may be transferred. We reserve the right to round up your requested Balanc
e Transfer amount to the nearest whole dollar amount. The credit available on yo
ur Account will be reduced by the amount of the Balance Transfer and any related
 fees. Your other credit card account(s) will not be closed, even if you have pa
id your entire balance. You must contact the other credit card company to close 
your other account. We reserve the right to decline to process any Balance Trans
fer request. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other 
account you may have with us or our affiliates. It is possible that your credit 
line amount may be lower than the Balance Transfer(s) requested. If this should 
occur, we will process Balance Transfers up to $250 below the available credit. 
There is a fee for Balance Transfer unless the offer states otherwise. A Balance
 Transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other credit card accounts. Con
tinue to pay each creditor until the Balance Transfer appears on the other accou
nt(s) as a credit.  You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase 
or other charge on the other account.  If you do so, you may lose your dispute r
ights as to that transaction.Information Sharing: Barclaycard’s Privacy Policy i
s available online at aviatorbusinesscard.com. You agree that Barclaycard and Am
erican Airlines may share information about you and your account to the extent n
eeded to administer the AAdvantage® Aviator® Business Mastercard® in conjunction
 with the AAdvantage® Program.AMERICAN AIRLINES® AADVANTAGE® AVIATOR® BUSINESS M
ASTERCARD® REWARD RULESThis document contains the official reward rules for the 
AAdvantage® Aviator® Business Mastercard® Account (the "Card Account") issued by
 Barclays Bank Delaware (“Barclaycard”, "we", "us", or "our") as related to part
icipation in the AAdvantage® Program (as defined below) through use of the Card 
Account and includes important conditions and limitations (the "Reward Rules"). 
Please read the Reward Rules and keep this document in a safe place.AAdvantage® 
is a frequent flyer program offered by American Airlines (the "AAdvantage® Progr
am") and is not a product or program of Barclaycard. American Airlines is solely
 responsible for establishing the terms and conditions of your participation and
 mileage accumulation in the AAdvantage® Program. Terms and conditions of the AA
dvantage® Program are separate from these Reward Rules, and are published by Ame
rican Airlines at aa.com/aadvantage. American Airlines reserves the right to cha
nge the AAdvantage® Program, including its terms and conditions, at any time wit
h or without prior notice, including by providing additional terms and condition
s in connection with promotional activity related to the AAdvantage® Program.Use
 of your Card Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described
 below and the terms of the Business Card Agreement. Capitalized terms not defin
ed in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Business Card 
Agreement.Reward Rules AdministrationThe Reward Rules are administered by Barcla
ycard. We are solely responsible for all credit and eligibility standards and de
termination of Card Account issuance. To maintain your eligibility for participa
tion in the AAdvantage® Program through use of the Card Account:You must maintai
n an open and active Card Account that is not in default under your Business Car
d Agreement with us.Your Card Account cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cy
cles in a row (representing approximately 6 months). "Inactive" means you have n
o balance, no payments and no transactions.You must pay your annual fee.AAdvanta
ge® Program MembershipIf your AAdvantage® membership number was included in the 
application, we will add that number to your Card Account automatically.If the A
Advantage® membership number that you provided is found to be invalid or you did
 not provide us with an AAdvantage® membership number, you consent to and will b
e enrolled in the AAdvantage® Program and a new AAdvantage® membership number wi
ll be assigned to you.Only one AAdvantage® membership number will be established
 per Card Account, and assigned to the Signing Individual on the Card Account.Im
portant Information about AAdvantage® MilesAAdvantage® miles earned through use 
of the Card Account are transferred to your AAdvantage® account after the close 
of each billing statement. Your AAdvantage® account is subject to the AAdvantage
® Program terms and conditions, located at aa.com/aadvantage, which includes exp
iration and forfeiture policies.You have no property rights or other legal inter
est in AAdvantage® miles. Miles have no cash value or value of any kind until th
ey are fully redeemed. Miles may not be assigned, transferred or pledged.You are
 responsible for any tax liability related to participating in the AAdvantage® P
rogram.If you are not credited for earned AAdvantage® miles or other benefits ea
rned through the Card Account, once identified, the earned AAdvantage® miles or 
other benefits will be credited. If AAdvantage® miles or other benefits are not 
available, a comparable benefit will be provided as determined by us.In the even
t of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Card Account, as 
determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to make correspond
ing AAdvantage® miles adjustments to the miles accrued in the AAdvantage® Progra
m through your Card Account and/or to cancel your Card Account at any time.Parti
cipation in the AAdvantage® Program and use of your Card Account are subject to 
all applicable laws and regulations. The redemption of AAdvantage® miles is void
 where prohibited by law. The sale or barter of any reward offered through the A
Advantage® Program and earned through the use of the Card Account, other than by
 us, is expressly prohibited.Miles RestrictionsYou may not earn AAdvantage® mile
s through the use of the Card Account during a billing cycle in which any of the
 following occur:You fail to make the Minimum Payment Due by its Payment Due Dat
e.Your Card Account becomes delinquent.Your Card Account is otherwise in default
 under your Business Card Agreement with us (i.e., your Card Account is not in g
ood standing).You, or any Cardmember on the Card Account, engage in any illegal 
activity through the use of your Card Account, or engage in activity that is dee
med to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion.
Miles ForfeitureAAdvantage® miles earned through the use of the Card Account tha
t have not yet been sent to your AAdvantage® account may be forfeited if any of 
the following occur:Your Card Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determine
d by us at our sole discretion.You or we close your Card Account for any reason.
You, or any Cardmember on the Card Account, engage in fraudulent activity on you
r Card Account.You, or any Cardmember on the Card Account, engage in any illegal
 activity on your Card Account, or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusi
ve or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion.We reserve the 
right, at our sole discretion, to disqualify any Cardmember from participating i
n the AAdvantage® Program through the use of the Card Account and to invalidate 
any or all AAdvantage® miles earned through the use of the Card Account as a res
ult of abuse, fraud, or any violation of the Reward Rules.Earning MilesYou earn 
AAdvantage® miles on retail Purchases made with your Card Account, less credits,
 returns, adjustments ("Net Purchases") made by you and/or any Cardmember(s) on 
the Card Account.You earn Two (2) AAdvantage® miles for every one dollar ($1.00)
 of Net Purchases made with the Card Account, rounded up or down to the nearest 
dollar, on eligible tickets, goods and services purchased directly from American
 Airlines (“American Purchases”). Eligible American Purchases are items billed b
y American Airlines as merchant of record booked through American Airlines chann
els (aa.com, American Airlines Reservations, American Airlines Vacations reserva
tions, Airpass, and American Airlines airport and city ticket counters). Product
s or services that do not qualify as American Purchases are car rentals and hote
l reservations (except taxes and charges paid when redeeming miles for car/hotel
), purchase of elite status boost or renewal, and AA CargoSM products and servic
es.You earn Two (2) AAdvantage® miles for every one dollar ($1.00) of Net Purcha
ses made with the Card Account, rounded up or down to the nearest dollar, on eli
gible office supply merchants, telecommunications merchants, and car rental merc
hants. Office supply merchants are defined as stand-alone merchants that primari
ly sell stationery and office supplies for business consumption. Telecommunicati
ons merchants are defined as merchants that sell telecommunications equipment su
ch as telephones, fax machines, pagers, and cellular phones, along with provider
s of telecommunications services including local and long-distance telephone cal
ls and fax services. Car rental merchants are defined as providers of short-term
 or long-term rentals of cars, trucks, or vans. This does not include merchants 
that rent motor homes or other recreational vehicles. Purchases made through tra
vel agencies, tour operators and online third party travel sites are not eligibl
e. Purchases must be submitted by eligible merchants using the merchant category
 codes for purchases in these categories to qualify for the additional miles. We
 are not responsible for incorrectly coded Purchases.You earn One (1) AAdvantage
® mile for every one dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases made with the Card Account 
everywhere else.Miles earned will be posted to the Signing Individual’s AAdvanta
ge® account within 8-10 weeks.Balance Transfers, Cash Advances, Cash Equivalent 
Transactions (transactions in highly liquid assets, e.g., assets that are direct
ly convertible to cash such as, but not limited to, money orders, travelers chec
ks, foreign currency, gambling chips and lottery tickets), fees, finance charges
 and unauthorized/fraudulent transactions do not earn AAdvantage® miles.There is
 no limit to the number of AAdvantage® miles you can earn as long as the AAdvant
age® Program continues and your Card Account remains open and in good standing.A
dditional Benefits of your Card AccountFirst Purchase AAdvantage® Bonus Miles Th
e primary cardmember will earn fifty thousand (50,000) AAdvantage® bonus miles a
fter a first purchase is made on the Account within ninety (90) days of Account 
opening. This one-time AAdvantage® bonus mileage offer is valid for first-time c
ardmembers with new accounts only. Existing cardmembers, existing accounts, and 
previous cardmembers  with accounts closed in the past 24 months may not be elig
ible for this offer. This is a limited-time offer and may be canceled at any tim
e without notice. Please allow 4-6 weeks for  AAdvantage® bonus miles to be depo
sited into your AAdvantage® account after the qualifying transaction has posted.
American Airlines Companion CertificateThe Signing Individual will earn a domest
ic economy fare American Airlines Companion Certificate (the "Companion Certific
ate") redeemable for one companion ticket at $99 (plus taxes and fees) provided 
that: (1) $30,000 or more in eligible Net Purchases are made with your Card Acco
unt during each 12 month period through and including the Card Account anniversa
ry month (the “Cardmembership Year”) and (2) your Card Account remains open for 
at least 45 days after the anniversary date. Please allow 8-10 weeks for deliver
y of the Companion Certificate. When used according to its terms, you will pay a
 $99 companion ticket fee plus $21.60 to $43.20 in government taxes and fees, de
pending on itinerary, for one round trip qualifying domestic economy fare ticket
 for a companion when an individual round trip qualifying domestic economy fare 
ticket is purchased and redeemed through American Airlines Meeting Services. Tra
vel must be booked and purchased in select economy inventory. The Companion Cert
ificate will be valid one year from issue and is valid for travel on flights wit
hin the 48 contiguous United States on flights marketed and operated by American
 Airlines, or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Air Wisco
nsin Airlines Corporation, Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Air
lines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., R
epublic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC. For
 residents of Alaska and Hawaii, the Companion Certificate is valid for round-tr
ip travel originating in either of those two states and continuing to the 48 con
tiguous United States. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change wit
hout notice. Details, terms and conditions, certain restrictions, and restricted
 dates apply and will be disclosed on the Companion Certificate.5% AAdvantage® M
ileage BonusEach Cardmembership Year, the Signing Individual will earn a 5% Amer
ican Airlines AAdvantage® mileage bonus on eligible Purchases provided that the 
following conditions are met: (1) the Signing Individual renews the annual cardm
embership, and (2) the Card Account remains open for at least 45 days after the 
anniversary date. Balance transfers, fees, cash advances, items returned for cre
dit and finance charges are not Purchases. The 5% AAdvantage® mileage bonus will
 be calculated as a percentage of the eligible Purchases made on the Card Accoun
t during the Cardmembership Year  and will post to the Signing Individual’s AAdv
antage® account 6-8 weeks after the above requirements are met.Free Checked BagT
he Signing Individual may check one bag free of charge when traveling on domesti
c itineraries marketed and operated by American Airlines or on American Eagle® d
omestic itineraries marketed by American Airlines and operated by Air Wisconsin 
Airlines Corporation, Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines
, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Republ
ic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC. This ben
efit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an Americ
an Airlines flight number but operated by another airline.Up to four (4) custome
rs traveling with the eligible Signing Individual will also get their first chec
ked bag free of charge if they are listed in the same reservation.For this benef
it to apply, the Card Account must be open 7 days prior to air travel AND the re
servation must include the Signing Individual’s AAdvantage® number 7 days prior 
to air travel. If your Card Account is closed for any reason, these benefits wil
l be cancelled. This benefit cannot be combined with any existing AAdvantage® el
ite program benefits, or Premium cabin benefits, including any waiver of baggage
 charges. The First Checked Bag benefit does not apply to overweight or oversize
d bags. Please see aa.com for baggage weight and size restrictions. Applicable t
erms and conditions are subject to change without notice.Preferred BoardingAn el
igible Signing Individual will board after Priority boarding is complete, but be
fore the rest of economy (Main Cabin) boarding. The boarding benefit will displa
y on your American Airlines boarding pass as Group 5. Up to four (4) customers t
raveling with and listed in the same reservation as the Signing Individual are e
ligible to board at the same time as the Signing Individual. For this benefit to
 apply, the Card Account must be open 7 days prior to air travel AND the reserva
tion must include the Signing Individual’s American Airlines AAdvantage® number 
7 days prior to air travel. If your Card Account is closed for any reason, this 
benefit will be cancelled. This benefit applies to flights marketed and operated
 by American Airlines or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated b
y Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., Exp
ressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlin
es, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airline
s, LLC. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booke
d with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Appli
cable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.25% Statement Cr
edit for Inflight PurchasesA Signing Individual whose Card Account is in good st
anding will qualify for a 25% savings on eligible inflight Purchases. Eligible P
urchases include the inflight purchase of food and beverages on American Airline
s operated flights when purchased using the Card Account. Savings does not apply
 to any other inflight Purchases, such as wireless internet access or inflight E
ntertainment. This offer is available on eligible flights as long as supplies la
st. This benefit applies to domestic flights marketed and operated by American A
irlines and operated by Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Compass Airlines, LL
C, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airl
ines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., o
r Trans States Airlines, LLC where credit card transactions are accepted. This b
enefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an Amer
ican Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. This savings will a
ppear as a Card Account statement credit 6–8 weeks after the Purchase is posted 
to the Card Account. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. Ap
plicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.Elite Qualify
ing DollarsThe Signing Individual may earn $3,000 Elite Qualifying Dollars ("EQD
s") after spending $25,000 in Net Purchases that post to the Card Account from J
anuary 1st through December 31st each calendar year. A Signing Individual may ea
rn the maximum $3,000 EQDs per calendar year through the Card Account, unless th
e Signing Individual has already earned the maximum number of EQDs through other
 AAdvantage® co-branded credit cards. EQDs earned are in addition to the AAdvant
age® miles earned for Net Purchases made on the Card Account. Net Purchases excl
ude returned goods and services, cash advances, convenience checks, transferred 
balances, credit, fees and finance charges. Net Purchases made by other Cardmemb
ers through additional cards on the Signing Individual’s Card Account will count
 toward the Signing Individual’s qualifying spend. EQDs earned as a result of th
is benefit will typically be posted to the Signing Individual’s AAdvantage® acco
unt 6-8 weeks after meeting the spend requirement. EQDs will not count toward Mi
llion Milerâ„  status. EQDs cannot be redeemed for award travel, AAdvantage® mil
es or any other AAdvantage® Program awards. EQDs earned with the Card Account qu
alify toward the Signing Individual's AAdvantage® Program elite status earning r
equirements each calendar year, subject to the limits under the Reward Rules and
 the AAdvantage® Program. Full details on elite status and qualifications are av
ailable at aa.com/aadvantage.Reduced Mileage AwardsThe Reduced Mileage Awards pr
ogram allows a Signing Individual to redeem AAdvantage® miles for discounted rou
nd trip or one-way travel on MileSAAver® awards to destinations selected every o
ther month. The MileSAAver® discount is 7,500 AAdvantage® miles round trip or 3,
750 AAdvantage® miles one-way for this Card Account if travel booked is greater 
than 500 miles in distance. If travel booked is less than or equal to 500 miles 
in distance, which qualifies for a short haul MileSAAver® award, the mileage dis
count will be 2,000 AAdvantage® miles round trip or 1,000 AAdvantage® miles one-
way for this Card Account.Redemption of AAdvantage® miles toward Reduced Mileage
 Awards applies only to bookings made by phone through American Airlines Reserva
tions or through airport or city ticket centers. An award service charge fee may
 apply per person. Flights and availability are subject to change without notice
. For the complete list of Reduced Mileage Awards, visit aa.com/reducedmileageaw
ards.AAdvantage® DiningSM ProgramYour Card Account is automatically enrolled in 
the AAdvantage® DiningSM Program. The AAdvantage® DiningSM Program is a way for 
AAdvantage® members to earn additional AAdvantage® miles by dining out at eligib
le bars or restaurants. You can earn even more miles by creating an AAdvantage® 
DiningSM profile. If you have provided us with a valid email address, you will b
e sent a welcome email from Rewards Network with additional information. Your AA
dvantage® DiningSM membership is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy
 policy located at aa.rewardsnetwork.com. Applicable terms and conditions are su
bject to change without notice.Responsibility of the Parties/Information Sharing
American Airlines is not a party to the Business Card Agreement between you and 
Barclaycard, does not participate in any extension of credit, has no authority r
egarding the Card Account and is not responsible for any goods or services offer
ed by Barclaycard. Barclaycard has no authority regarding the AAdvantage® Progra
m and is not responsible for any goods or services offered by American Airlines.
 You authorize Barclaycard to share information about your Card Account with Ame
rican Airlines and its affiliates, and with the AAdvantage DiningSM program, and
 authorize American Airlines to share information about your AAdvantage® Program
 membership, to the extent needed to administer the AAdvantage® Program and the 
Card Account. You also agree that Barclaycard may share Card Account information
 as set forth in Barclaycard's Privacy Policy. For details on how American Airli
nes may use your information, please see the terms and conditions of the AAdvant
age® Program at aa.com/aadvantage.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy particip
ating in the AAdvantage® Program through the use of the Card Account and accepti
ng and using rewards earned through the AAdvantage® Program through use of the C
ard Account, you or any other beneficiary of the AAdvantage® Program or Card Acc
ount release, discharge and hold harmless Barclaycard and their respective paren
t companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, office
rs, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability in
cluding, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participat
ion in the AAdvantage® Program through use of the Card Account or travel taken o
r use of products purchased in connection with the AAdvantage® Program through u
se of the Card Account. Barclaycard is not responsible for unauthorized redempti
ons. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of rewar
ds or a Cardmember's right to possess rewards.Important General Program Disclosu
resAmerican Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® Program and it
s terms and conditions at any time without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® Pr
ogram with six months' notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use t
he awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless specified, AAdvan
tage® miles earned through use of the Card Account do not count toward elite-sta
tus qualification or AAdvantage Million Milerâ„  status. American Airlines is no
t responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies.
 For complete details about the AAdvantage® Program, visit aa.com/aadvantage.Bar
claycard is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this docume
nt. AAdvantage® miles earned through use of the Card Account cannot be combined 
with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us. Bar
claycard reserves the right to correct inaccurate rewards values represented on 
statements or our website, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretio
n, cancel, modify, restrict, or terminate the Reward Rules or any aspects or fea
tures of the Reward Rules at any time without prior notice. All interpretations 
of the Reward Rules shall be at our sole discretion.A portion of all travel book
ed on American Airlines may be American Eagle® service, operated by Air Wisconsi
n Airlines Corporation, Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlin
es, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Repu
blic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC.America
n Airlines, American Eagle, AAdvantage, AA Cargo, AAdvantage Dining, AAdvantage 
Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, the Flight Symbol logo and the Tail D
esign are marks of American Airlines, Inc.Customer ServiceIf you have any questi
ons about your Card Account, please contact the customer service phone number on
 the back of your card.©2017 Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), Member FDIC