                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases16.49%, 20.49% or 23.49%, based on your credit
 worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for B
alance Transfers0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles followi
ng each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account op
ening.After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of 
account opening) your APR will be 16.49%, 20.49%, or 23.49% based on your credit
 worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for 
Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Ho
w to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after t
he close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if 
you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf
 you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card 
Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to
 consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Con
sumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. F
eesAnnual Fee$0Transaction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount o
f each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount
 of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction3% of each transa
ction in U.S. dollars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee
 varies by state, see below) Returned PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee va
ries by state, see below) How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method ca
lled "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at
 the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (
including new purchases)". Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information 
about the RCI Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the 
reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), in
terest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying
.Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents o
f Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 for r
esidents of Iowa at time of account opening).Agreement: The use of any account o
pened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be su
bject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and 
other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the ac
count are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  ++Your Telephone Nu
mbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or any
time thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you 
at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use an a
utomated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text me
ssaging and/or calling charges may apply.About This Offer: You must be at least 
18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of
 the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territories,  a
nd may not be available if you already have or have had an account with us. If a
t the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria pre
viously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient bas
ed on your current obligations, we may be unable to open an account for you. Ple
ase review the materials provided with your card for details.    About Your Cred
it Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connectio
n with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, t
o administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit ex
perience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credi
t bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. About the Variable APRs on 
Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journa
l on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and b
alance transfer APR, we add either 11.74%, 15.74% or 18.74% to the Prime Rate ba
sed on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Pri
me Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are
 current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rate of 4.75%.Important Information Abou
t Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding
 of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financia
l institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each pe
rson who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account
, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security numb
er, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to
 see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.Bal
ance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter 
the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or D
iscover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the
 total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, 
we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s).
 The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amoun
t transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to dec
line to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to
 transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfe
rs incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount 
of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute r
ights.Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance tr
ansfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after 
we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your b
alance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balan
ce transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to p
ay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a cr
edit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that
 is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please ca
ll the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. B
alance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer reque
sts at any time and for any reason.Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will not c
harge you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due da
te each month. In addition, during this introductory period we will not charge y
ou interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each month your outstanding 
statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balances. T
o avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your acco
unt each month.Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific c
redit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an ap
plication to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit
 limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transf
er request.Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' c
hecks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and oth
er similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember
 Agreement for details.New York Residents: New York residents may contact the Ne
w York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or vi
sit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card
 rates, fees and grace periods. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against 
discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all c
reditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate cred
it histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission 
administers compliance with this law.Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No m
arital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin'
s marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your ac
count is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we 
have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give not
ice of this account to your spouse.About Us and This Credit Card Program: This c
redit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclay
card), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in response to this applica
tion shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Mastercard is a reg
istered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated, and is used by us pu
rsuant to a license. Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your c
ard will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if you
r request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the requ
est is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery wi
ll be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added a
n additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be e
xpressed delivered.The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as
 of 03/30/2018 and may change after this date.Information Sharing:Barclays' Priv
acy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I agree that RCI and Ba
rclays may share information about me and my account to the extent necessary to 
administer the RCI Elite Rewards Program in conjunction with the RCI Elite Rewar
ds Mastercard.RCI® Elite Rewards® Reward RulesThis document contains the officia
l reward rules for the RCI® Elite Rewards® Mastercard® (the “Account”) issued by
 Barclays Bank Delaware (“Barclaycard”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and includes import
ant conditions and limitations (the “Reward Rules”). Use of the RCI® Elite Rewar
ds® Mastercard® (the “Card”) constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms de
scribed below and the terms of the cardmember agreement. “You, “your” or “primar
y cardmember” means the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms no
t defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmem
ber Agreement. Please read the Reward Rules and keep this document in a safe pla
ce.The RCI Elite Rewards credit card is issued and administered by Barclaycard. 
These Reward Rules establish the terms and conditions associated with earning RC
I Elite Rewards (“Reward” or “Rewards”) through use of the Card.  The RCI Elite 
Rewards Program (“RCI Elite Rewards Program” or “Program”) is not a product or p
rogram of Barclaycard.  The RCI Elite Rewards Program is provided by or through 
RCI, LLC ("RCI"), and administered by Augeo Consumer Engagement Services, LLC an
d its affiliates (collectively “Augeo”).RCI is solely responsible for establishi
ng the terms and conditions of your participation in the Program. Other restrict
ions apply. Barclaycard and RCI each reserve the right to modify or cancel the P
rogram without prior notification. A guide to the Program will be sent under sep
arate cover and will arrive 7 to 10 business days after your receipt of the Card
. For a complete explanation of the RCI Elite Rewards Program terms and conditio
ns, go to https://rcieliterewards.rci.com/terms.php.The words "Reward" and "Rewa
rds" which are mentioned throughout this piece refer specifically to Rewards ear
ned through use of the RCI Elite Rewards Mastercard. These Rewards cannot be int
erchanged with points received or borrowed through the RCI Points program. The R
CI Elite Rewards Mastercard program is a separate program and has no relationshi
p in any way with the RCI Points program. There is no sponsorship, endorsement o
r approval of, or responsibility for this Program by independent retailers.  All
 RCI Elite Rewards Program terms and conditions apply.Reward Rules Administratio
nThe Reward Rules are administered by Barclaycard. We reserve the right to modif
y, amend or terminate the Reward Rules at any time with or without notice. We ar
e solely responsible for all credit eligibility standards and determination of A
ccount issuance. To maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program t
hrough use of the Account:You must maintain an open Account that is not in defau
lt under your cardmember agreement with us.Your Account cannot have been inactiv
e for 7 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 7 months). “Inactive
” means you have no balance, no payments and no transactions.You must be an indi
vidual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and 
use the Card only for personal, family or household expenses.Important Informati
on about RewardsFor information regarding the terms of the RCI Elite Rewards Pro
gram, including the Rewards expiration policy, please visit https://rcieliterewa
rds.rci.com/terms.php or contact the Reward Center at 877-587-8742.You have no p
roperty rights or other legal interest in Rewards. Rewards have no cash value or
 value of any kind until they are fully redeemed. Rewards may not be assigned, t
ransferred or pledged.You are responsible for any tax liability related to parti
cipating in the Program.If you are not credited for earned Rewards or other bene
fits, once identified, the earned Rewards or other benefits will be credited. If
 Rewards or other benefits are not available, a comparable benefit will be provi
ded as determined by us.In the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activi
ty related to the Account, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserv
e the right to make corresponding adjustments to the Rewards earned through the 
Program and/or to close your Account at any time. The Program is subject to all 
applicable laws and regulations. The redemption of Rewards is void where prohibi
ted by law. The sale or barter of any Rewards earned through the Program, other 
than by us, is expressly prohibited.Earning RCI Elite RewardsYou earn Rewards fo
r retail purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made 
by you and/or any authorized user(s) of the Account.Cardmember(s) earn "Rewards"
 in the following amounts based upon the type of purchase transaction charged to
 the Account:a) Earn two (2) Rewards for every one dollar ($1) in Net Purchases 
made: (i) for room charges at participating properties listed online at RCIElite
Rewards.RCI.com, (ii) at participating car rental locations, (iii) for purchases
 from any bonus rewards partner listed online at RCIEliteRewards.RCI.com, or (iv
) for purchases with RCI (excluding RCI Travel), and/or (v) through special prom
otional allotments of Rewards from participating bonus rewards partners.b) Earn 
one (1) Reward per one dollar ($1) spent on all other purchases.Net Purchases fo
r a billing cycle are determined by totaling all new purchases added to the Acco
unt during the billing cycle, and then subtracting credits posted to the Account
 during the billing cycle for returned purchases and/or adjustments. For purpose
s of reporting Net Purchases, Barclaycard may round up or down to the nearest wh
ole dollar amount. If credits for returned purchases and/or adjustments exceed n
ew purchases during a billing cycle, Barclaycard will calculate negative Net Pur
chases and reduce the primary cardmember’s accrued Rewards accordingly. Reward a
ccumulation is subject to certain limitations, exclusions and restrictions. Barc
laycard is not responsible for awarding Rewards under the RCI Elite Rewards Prog
ram, to arrange or provide for any goods or services related to the use of Rewar
ds, for any delay, failure, or refusal by RCI or their assigns, to award or rede
em Rewards, or for any decision by RCI to revoke or cancel Rewards or membership
 in the RCI Elite Rewards Program.On the closing date of each billing cycle that
 your Account remains open and in good standing, Barclaycard will report to RCI 
the Net Purchases made using your Account during that billing cycle and request 
that RCI award Rewards. If your Account is not open or in good standing on the d
ate a billing cycle closes, then Barclaycard will report no Net Purchases to RCI
 for that billing cycle. Barclaycard will ask that Rewards be awarded to the pri
mary cardmember’s RCI Elite Rewards Program membership, regardless of whether th
e primary cardmember or an authorized user on the Account made the purchase.   B
alance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as,
 but not limited to, the use of your Card or Account number to obtain money orde
rs, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest cha
rges, and unauthorized/fraudulent transactions do not earn Rewards.There is no l
imit to the total Rewards you can earn as long as the Program continues and the 
Account is open, active and in good standing.Bonus Rewards on purchases at parti
cipating merchantsYou may earn bonus Rewards on eligible purchases at participat
ing merchants with your RCI Elite Rewards Mastercard. Bonus Rewards earnings wil
l vary and are subject to change at any time.  RCI is solely responsible for est
ablishing the terms and conditions of bonus Rewards earned through participating
 merchants. Cardmembers can visit https://rcieliterewards.rci.com/terms.php for 
information on participating merchants, timing of when bonus Rewards are awarded
, and Program terms and conditions.First Purchase Bonus Rewards: Receive 2,500 b
onus Rewards, in addition to the regular Rewards you earn, after making an initi
al purchase with this Card. Bonus Rewards will post within 60 days of your first
 purchase. This promotion is limited to new cardmembers (who are not and have no
t previously been RCI® Elite Rewards® cardmembers).Redeeming RewardsRewards may 
be redeemed for Reward items including certificates/cards/credits usable toward 
car rentals, hotel accommodations, and paying your RCI® Subscribing Membership c
ost and/or fees. Participating merchants and individual locations are subject to
 change.  Rewards may also be redeemed for other Reward items such as airline tr
avel Rewards (booking fee may apply). Rewards and Certificates/Cards have no cas
h value under any circumstances and may not be used to pay your credit card bala
nce. The terms of the Program may change at any time and are available at https:
//rcieliterewards.rci.com/terms.php.  To redeem your Rewards, log on to rcielite
rewards.rci.com. You may also contact the Reward Center at 877-587-8742.Rewards 
RestrictionsYou may not earn Rewards during a billing cycle in which any of the 
following occur:You fail to make the Minimum Payment Due by its Payment Due Date
.Your Account becomes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under your
 cardmember agreement with us (your Account is not in good standing).You, or any
 authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use 
of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming con
duct, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Rewards ForfeitureRewards not y
et transferred to your RCI Rewards Account may be forfeited if any of the follow
ing occur:Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by us at our 
sole discretion.You or we close your Account for any reason.You, or any authoriz
ed user on the Account, engage in fraudulent activity on your Account.Your Accou
nt is otherwise in default under your cardmember agreement with us. (Your Accoun
t is not in good standing.)You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in
 any illegal activity on your Account, or engage in activity that is deemed to b
e abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion.We reser
ve the right, at our sole discretion, to disqualify any cardmember from particip
ating in the Program and to invalidate any or all Rewards earned for abuse, frau
d, or any violation of the Reward Rules.Responsibility of the Parties/Informatio
n SharingRCI is not a party to the cardmember agreement between you and Barclayc
ard, does not participate in any extension of credit, has no authority regarding
 the Account and is not responsible for any goods or services offered by Barclay
card. Barclaycard is not responsible for any goods or services offered by RCI. Y
ou authorize Barclaycard to share information about your Account with RCI to the
 extent needed to administer the Program and for RCI to share information about 
your RCI Rewards account with Barclaycard for the same purpose. You also agree t
hat Barclaycard may share Account information as set forth in Barclaycard’s Priv
acy Policy and that RCI may share information as set forth in RCI’s Privacy Poli
cy.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program and accept
ing and using Rewards earned through the Program, you or any other beneficiary o
f the Program release, discharge and hold harmless Barclaycard and its parent co
mpanies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, 
directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability includ
ing, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation 
in the Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with t
he Program. Barclaycard is not responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your 
Account. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of R
ewards or a cardmember’s right to possess Rewards.Important General Program Disc
losuresBarclaycard is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in t
his document. Rewards cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs 
unless specifically authorized by us. Barclaycard reserves the right to correct 
inaccurate Rewards values represented on statements or our website, at our sole 
discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict, or termina
te the Reward Rules or any aspects or features of the Reward Rules to you at any
 time without prior notice. All interpretations of Reward Rules shall be at our 
sole discretion.Customer ServiceIf you have any questions about your Account, pl
ease contact the customer service phone number on the back of your card.The RCI 
Mastercard is issued by Barclaycard pursuant to a license by Mastercard Internat
ional Incorporated.  Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard Internat
ional Incorporated.© 2017 Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), Member FDIC     
                                                                                
   