Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

18.24%, 22.24% or 27.24%, based on your creditworthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers

0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles following each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.
After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account opening) your APR will be 18.24%, 22.24%, or 27.24% based on your creditworthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

27.49%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases

Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

Minimum Interest Charge

If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

 
Fees
Annual Fee

$89 for theMiles & More Mastercard World Elite 

Transaction Fees:

 

Balance Transfer

Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Cash Advance

Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction

0% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.

Penalty Fees:

 

Late Payment

Up to $39  

Returned Payment

Up to $39  

 
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)".
 
Terms and Conditions Continued:
Important Information about the Miles and More Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.
Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  
++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.

About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States,with the exception of Iowa and the US territories. You may not be eligible for this offer if you currently have or previously had an account with us in this Program. In addition, you may not be eligible for this offer if, at any time during our relationship with you as the issuer of an account in this Program, we have cause, as determined by us in our sole discretion, to suspect that the account is being obtained or will be used for abusive or gaming activity (such as, but not limited to, obtaining or using the account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings). If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations, we will not be able to open an account for you. Please review the materials provided with your card for details.    
About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. 
About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 12.74%, 16.74% or 21.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of [DATE] using a Prime Rate of 5.5%.

*Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.
Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.
Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.
Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this introductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your account each month.
Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.
Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. 
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.
About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclays), located in Wilmington, Delaware. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Mastercard, World Mastercard, World Elite Mastercard and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International, Incorporated and is used by us pursuant to a license. 
Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.
The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of [DATE] and may change after this date.
Information Sharing:Barclays’ Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I agree that Barclays Bank Delaware and Miles & More may share information about me and my account to the extent needed to administer the Miles & More program.The Miles & More® World Elite Mastercard® Reward Rules
This document contains the official Reward Rules for the Miles & More World Elite Mastercard Account ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclays", "we", "us", or "our") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Reward Rules"). Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement (“Cardmember Agreement”). "You", "your" or "primary cardmember" means the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.
Miles & More is the loyalty program of Lufthansa including Lufthansa Group Carriers (the Program) and is not a product or program of Barclays. Miles & More is solely responsible for establishing the terms and conditions of your participation and award miles accumulation in the Program. Terms and conditions of the Program are published by Miles & More at www.miles-and-more.com and Miles & More reserves the right to change the Program at any time with or without prior notice.
Reward Rules Administration
The Reward Rules are administered by Barclays located in Wilmington, DE.  We reserve the right to modify, amend or terminate the Reward Rules at any time with or without notice.  We are solely responsible for all credit and eligibility standards and determination of Account issuance.  You can review currect Reward Rules any time by logging in yo your Account at BarclaysUS.com.
To maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program through use of the Account:
You must maintain an open Account that is in good standing. “Good Standing” means your Account is not in default under the terms of your Cardmember Agreement with us (in “Good Standing”).Your Account cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 6 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments and no purchases and/or transactions.You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Account only for personal, family or household expenses.If your participation in the Program is cancelled any award miles earned during that billing cycle but not yet sent to Miles & More may be forfeited. See miles-and-more.com/us/termsandconditions for further details on mileage validity in the event of Program termination.You must pay your annual fee.Program Membership
If your personal Miles & More service card number (the “Membership Number”) was included in the application, we will add that number to your Account automatically. You are required to provide a valid Membership Number to receive award miles or to receive any Program benefits associated with your Account.If you do not provide a valid Membership Number, and later update this to your Account, award miles earned within the previous 6-month period will be corrected within 4-6 weeks of reporting the Membership Number update; Any other award miles earned beyond the current rolling 6-month period will be forfeited. If you do not have a Miles & More Membership Number you’ll need to enroll in the Program via www.miles-and-more.com and agree to the terms and conditions of the Program found at miles-and-more.com/us/termsandconditions. After a successful enrollment, a Membership Number will be assigned to you. It is required to enroll in the Program and provide a valid Membership Number in order to receive the full benefits of the Miles & More World Elite Mastercard as disclosed in Account Terms and Conditions. Membership Numbers may change with status in the Program and will be updated on your Account and reflected on your monthly statement in the Rewards section. Validate your Membership Number periodically and contact us promptly with any concerns. Award miles earned within the previous 6-month period will be corrected upon communicating your concern; Any other award miles or benefits will be forfeited if you do not provide us with a valid Membership Number within a rolling 6-month period.Only one personal Miles & More Membership Number, for the primary cardmember, will be allowed per Account.Earning Award Miles
You earn award miles for purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user of the Account as follows:
You earn 2 award miles for every $1.00 of Net Purchases, on tickets purchased directly from eligible Miles & More integrated airline partners (Miles & More Purchases). Eligible Miles & More Purchases are items billed by Miles & More integrated airline partners as merchant of record. Miles & More integrated airline partners are: Adria Airways, AirDolomiti, Austrian Airlines Group, Brussels Airlines, Croatia Airlines, Eurowings, LOT Polish Airlines, Lufthansa, Luxair and SWISS (subject to modifications).You earn 1 award mile for every $1.00 of Net Purchases made everywhere else.Balance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases do not earn award miles.There is no limit to the number of award miles you can earn as long as the Program continues and your Account remains open and in Good Standing.Award Miles as a Welcome Bonus 
You will receive a one-time bonus of 50,000 award miles after spending $3,000 in Net Purchases within the first 90 days of account opening. The award miles will be reflected on the billing statement in which you have qualified to earn the award miles, and the annual fee has been paid (if applicable).  Please allow 4-6 weeks for award miles to be deposited into your Miles & More account after the qualifying purchase(s) have posted to your Account and the annual fee has been paid. This offer may be canceled at any time without notice.
You will also receive an additional one-time bonus of 25,000 award miles after spending $20,000 in Net Purchases within the first 365 days of account opening. The award miles will be reflected on the billing statement in which you have qualified to earn the award miles.  Please allow 4-6 weeks for award miles to be deposited into your Miles & More account after the qualifying purchase(s) have posted to your Account. This offer may be canceled at any time without notice.
Redeeming Award Miles
Miles & More manages the Program including redemption. You can obtain information regarding the redemption options available by calling 800-581-6400 or online at www.miles-and-more.com.
Important Information about Award Miles
Award miles within the meaning of these Reward Rules are Miles & More award miles only. Award miles entitle the primary cardmember to obtain awards within the Program.As long as the Program continues and the Account is in Good Standing, there is no limit to the total award miles you can earn using your Account.Award miles are exempt from expiring, provided a miles-related purchase is made at least once a month (that is not returned) and the Account has been open for at least three months. For details visit miles-and-more.com/en/no-mileage-expiration. If either of these conditions is not met, the mileage expiration is reactivated and the award miles will be subject to expiration according to the Miles & More Program terms and conditions. Award miles awarded to Miles & More status members (Frequent Travellers, Senators, HON Circle Members) do not expire as long as the status is held. For more information, please refer to the Miles & More terms and conditions at www.miles-and-more.com.In the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Account or violation of the Reward Rules, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding adjustments to or invalidate award miles accrued in the Program through use of the Account, to disqualify you from participating in the Program through use of the Account, and/or to close your Account at any time. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an Account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/opening, as determined by us in our sole discretion.All award miles earned by the primary cardmember and any authorized user, through use of the Account, will be transferred to the primary cardmember’s Miles & More account after the close of each billing statement. Your Miles & More account is subject to the Miles & More Program terms and conditions, located at miles-and-more.com/us/termsandconditions, which includes expiration and forfeiture policies. If you do not receive credit for earned award miles through use of your Account, please contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card.You have no property rights or other legal interest in award miles. Award miles have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed. Award miles may not be assigned, transferred or pledged.You are responsible for any tax liability related to participating in the Program.Participation in the Program through use of your Account is subject to all applicable laws and regulations. The sale or barter of any reward (i.e. award miles, lounge voucher etc.) offered through the Program earned through use of the Account, other than by us, is expressly prohibited.You can view a summary of your award miles earned through the use of your Account on your monthly Account billing statement or by logging into BarclaysUS.com. Your total award miles Program balance is available by calling 800-581-6400 or online at www.miles-and-more.com.Barclays is not responsible for crediting the award miles to your Program account or for arranging or providing for any goods or services related to the use of award miles, for any delay, failure, or refusal by Miles & More to award or redeem award miles, or for any decision by Miles & More to revoke or cancel award miles or membership in the Program.Award Miles Restrictions
You may not earn award miles through use of the Account during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date.Your Account becomes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.Award Miles Forfeiture
Award miles earned through use of the Account, but not yet transferred to Miles & More, may be forfeited if any of the following occur:
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclays in its sole discretion.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.Additional Benefits of your Account 
Companion Ticket
The primary cardmember is eligible for an Economy Class Companion Ticket upon the first use of the new Account for a Purchase and on the Account opening anniversary every year thereafter, provided the Account remains open and in Good Standing. Reservations must be made by calling the Miles & More® Companion Ticket Service at 1-866-461-5399. Please note that all taxes and fees must be paid for the revenue ticket as well as the companion ticket. (Companion portion is only the airfare.) This offer may not be combined or used in conjunction with any other promotion, discount, add-ons or coupons and is not combinable with child, infant or senior citizen fares, travel agent discounts, other promotional offers, group fares, frequent flyer awards or special credit vouchers. Please visit www.lufthansa-usa.com/us/en/companion for full Companion Ticket terms and conditions.
Status Miles Conversion (Convert Miles & More award miles into status miles) 
The primary cardmember is eligible to convert a minimum of 5,000 award miles up to a maximum of 25,000 award miles into status miles at a ratio of 5:1 upon the first use of the Account for a Purchase. Status miles are used for achieving or maintaining a given Miles & More member’s status (note that HON Circle Miles are excluded). Each calendar year thereafter, the primary cardmember will qualify for this benefit provided the Account remains open and in Good Standing for at least 45 days after payment of the annual fee. Only award miles that have been earned for retail Purchases (that are not later returned or rescinded) in the current and preceding calendar year are eligible for conversion into status miles. Any welcome award miles, bonus award miles or promotional award miles are excluded from eligibility. One conversion event per calendar year is permitted, and the conversion is non-reversible. The conversion into status miles is available online at www.miles-and-more.com by logging in to your personal Miles & More account under “My Miles & More”. Please allow 2 weeks after qualifications have been met for the conversion to be activated.
Lufthansa Business Lounge Voucher
The primary cardmember is eligible to receive 2 one-time use Lufthansa Business Lounge vouchers (the Lounge Vouchers) upon the first use of the Account for a Purchase.  Each year thereafter, the primary cardmember is eligible for the Lounge Vouchers, provided the Account remains open and in Good Standing for at least 45 days after payment of the annual fee. Each Lounge Voucher is valid for 1 cardmember or one travel companion for 1 visit at Lufthansa Business Lounges worldwide. Each Lounge Voucher will be valid for 12 months from the date of issuance to the cardmember’s personal Miles & More account in “My inbox” or until redeemed for a single entry. Please allow 4-6 weeks after qualifications have been met for delivery of Lounge Vouchers. For admittance to the Lufthansa Business Lounges, the valid Lounge Voucher (printed or online) and a boarding pass for a same-day departing flight operated by a Lufthansa Group carrier (Lufthansa, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, SWISS, Eurowings) must be presented. The sale, as well as the offer for auction of the Lounge Voucher to a third party is prohibited. Lounge Vouchers cannot be replaced if lost or stolen. All Lufthansa Business Lounge rules will apply. More information on the terms and conditions are provided on the Lounge Voucher located at www.miles-and-more.com after logging into your personal Miles & More account in ”My inbox”. We are not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, Lufthansa Business Lounges amenities. Miles & More is solely responsible for the electronic delivery of the Lounge Vouchers to the cardmember’s personal Miles & More account in “My inbox”.
Up to 15% off Hotels & Cars by Points
Upon the first use of the Account for a Purchase, the primary cardmember will be eligible to receive a reduction valid for up to 15% off Hotels & Cars by Points. The reduction is automatically applied to bookings made via Hotels & Cars by Points (milesandmore.points.com/USAhotel or milesandmore.points.com/USAcar) after logging in with your personal Miles & More account credentials. Please allow 2 weeks from qualification for the reduction to be available. Each calendar year thereafter, the primary cardmember is eligible for the reduction provided the Account remains open and in Good Standing for at least 45 days after payment of the annual fee. Miles & More is solely responsible for the application of the reduction to the cardmember’s booking via Hotels & Cars by Points.  Neither cash nor an account credit of the reduction is possible.
Annual Fee Waiver
The Annual Fee will be waived for members with Senator and HON Circle status, as long as they maintain their Senator or HON Circle Member status. Once Senator and HON Circle status is rescinded from Miles & More Program, the Annual Fee will be assessed after proper notification. All benefits tied to the annual fee payment will then be in force.
Responsibility of the Parties/Information Sharing
Neither Miles & More nor Lufthansa Airlines is a party to the Cardmember Agreement between you and Barclays, and do not participate in any extension of credit, and has no authority regarding the Account. Barclays has no authority regarding the Program and is not responsible for any goods or services offered by Lufthansa Airlines or Miles & More. You authorize Barclays to share information about your Account with Lufthansa Airlines or Miles & More and its affiliates and authorize Lufthansa Airlines or Miles & More to share information about your Program membership, to the extent needed to administer the Program and the Account. You also agree that Barclays may share Account information as set forth in Barclays Privacy Policy.  The Privacy Policy for Barclays is available online at BarclaysUS.com.
Limitation and Release of Liability
By participating in the Program through use of the Account and accepting award miles, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclays and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program through use of the Account or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program through use of the Account. Barclays has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of award miles or a cardmember’s right to possess award miles.
Important General Program Disclosures 
Miles & More reserves the right to change the Miles & More Program and its terms and conditions at any time without notice, and to end the Miles & More Program in accordance with the Miles & More terms and conditions which are published by Miles & More at miles-and-more.com/us/termsandconditions. Any such changes may affect your ability to use the awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless otherwise specified as with the Status Miles Conversion benefit, award miles earned through use of this Account do not count toward Miles & More status qualification. Miles & More is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. For complete details about the Miles & More Program, visit www.miles-and-more.com.
Barclays reserves the right to correct inaccurate award miles values represented on statements, our website and/or our mobile app, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict, or terminate the Reward Rules or any aspects or features of the Reward Rules at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be in our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply.  All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners.  Barclays is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials.  Award miles earned through use of the Account cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us, Miles & More or Lufthansa Airlines.
Customer Service 
If you have any questions about your Account, please contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your card.     
 
© 2019 Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclays), Member FDIC
 
LFT_LF44_2019
 

