Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

17.99%, 21.99% or 26.99%, based on your credit worthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers

0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles following each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.
After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account opening) your APR will be 17.99%, 21.99%, or 26.99% based on your credit worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

27.24%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases

Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

Minimum Interest Charge

If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

 
Fees
Annual Fee

$95

Transaction Fees:

 

Balance Transfer

Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Cash Advance

Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction

0% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.

Penalty Fees:

 

Late Payment

Up to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

Returned Payment

Up to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

 
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)".
 
Terms and Conditions Continued:
Important Information about the AAdvantage Aviator Red Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.
Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).
Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  
++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.

About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of the US territories.  You may not be eligible for this offer if you currently have or previously had an account with us in this Program. In addition, you may not be eligible for this offer if, at any time during our relationship with you as the issuer of an account in this Program, we have cause, as determined by us in our sole discretion, to suspect that the account is being obtained or will be used for abusive or gaming activity (such as, but not limited to, obtaining or using the account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings). If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations, we will not be able to open an account for you. Please review the materials provided with your card for details.
About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. 
About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 12.74%, 16.74% or 21.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 09/28/2018 using a Prime Rate of 5.25%.

Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.
Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.
Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.
Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this introductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your account each month.
Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.
Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. 
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.
About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated, and is used by us pursuant to a license. 
Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.
The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 09/28/2018 and may change after this date.
Information Sharing: Barclays’ Privacy Policy is available online at BarclaysUS.com.  You agree that Barclays, American Airlines® and, Rewards Network may share information about you and your account to the extent needed to administer the AAdvantage® Aviator® Red World Elite Mastercard credit card program in conjunction with the American Airlines AAdvantage® Program and the AAdvantage® Dining ProgramSM.
American Airlines AAdvantage® Aviator® Red Mastercard® Reward RulesThis document contains the official Reward Rules for the AAdvantage® Aviator® Red Mastercard® Account (the “Account”) issued by Barclays Bank Delaware (“Barclaycard”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and includes important conditions and limitations (the “Reward Rules”). Please read the Reward Rules and keep this document in a safe place.
AAdvantage® is a frequent flyer program offered by American Airlines (the “Program”) and is not a product or program of Barclaycard.  American Airlines is solely responsible for establishing the terms and conditions of your participation and mileage accumulation in the Program. Terms and conditions of the Program are published by American Airlines at aa.com.
“You, “your” or “primary cardmember” means the person who applied for the Account. Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement.  Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement. 
Reward Rules AdministrationThe Reward Rules are administered by Barclaycard.  We are solely responsible for all credit and eligibility standards and determination of Account issuance.   To maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program through use of the Account:
You must maintain an open and active Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.Your Account cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 6 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments and no transactions.You must pay your annual fee.You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Account only for personal, family or household expenses.Program Membership       
If your AAdvantage® number was included in the application, we will add that number to your Account automatically.
If the AAdvantage® number that you provided is found to be invalid, or you did not provide us with an AAdvantage® number, you consent to and will be enrolled in the AAdvantage® Program and a new AAdvantage® number will be assigned to you.
Only one AAdvantage® number will be applied per Account, and assigned as the primary cardmember on that Account.
Important Information about AAdvantage® Miles
AAdvantage® miles earned through use of the Account are transferred to your AAdvantage® account after the close of each billing statement.  Your AAdvantage® account is subject to the AAdvantage® Program terms and conditions, located at https://www.aa.com/i18n/aadvantage-program/terms-and-conditions.jsp, which includes expiration and forfeiture policies.
You have no property rights or other legal interest in AAdvantage® miles. Miles have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed. Miles may not be assigned, transferred or pledged.
You are responsible for any tax liability related to participating in the Program.
If you are not credited for earned AAdvantage® miles or other benefits, once identified, the earned AAdvantage® miles or other benefits will be credited. If AAdvantage® miles or other benefits are not available, a comparable benefit will be provided as determined by us.
In the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Account, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding AAdvantage® miles adjustments to the miles accrued in the Program through use of the Account and/or to cancel your Account at any time.
Participation in the Program and use of your Account are subject to all applicable laws and regulations. The redemption of AAdvantage® miles is void where prohibited by law. The sale or barter of any reward offered through the Program earned through use of the Account, other than by us, is expressly prohibited.
Miles RestrictionsYou may not earn AAdvantage® miles through use of the Account during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:
You fail to make the Minimum Payment Due by its Payment Due Date.Your Account becomes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us. (Your account is not in good standing.)You, or any authorized users on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Miles ForfeitureAAdvantage® miles earned through use of the Account that have not yet been sent to your AAdvantage® account may be forfeited if any of the following occur:
Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You or we close your Account for any reason.You, or any authorized users on the Account, engage in fraudulent activity on your Account.You, or any authorized users on the Account, engage in any illegal activity on your Account, or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion.We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to disqualify any cardmember from participating in the Program through use of the Account and to invalidate any or all AAdvantage® miles earned through use of the Account as a result of abuse, fraud, or any violation of the Reward Rules.Earning MilesYou  earn AAdvantage® miles on retail Purchases made with your Account, less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user(s) of the Account.
You earn Two (2) AAdvantage® miles for every one dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases made with the Account, rounded up or down to the nearest dollar, on eligible tickets, goods and services purchased directly from American Airlines (“American Purchases”). Eligible American Purchases are items billed by American Airlines as merchant of record booked through American Airlines channels (aa.com, American Airlines Reservations, American Airlines Vacations reservations, Airpass, and American Airlines airport and city ticket counters). Products or services that do not qualify as American Purchases are car rentals and hotel reservations (except taxes and charges paid when redeeming miles for car/hotel), purchase of elite status boost or renewal, and AA CargoSM products and services.You earn One (1) AAdvantage® mile for every one dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases made with the Account everywhere else Mastercard is accepted.Miles earned will be posted to the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® account within 8-10 weeks.Balance Transfers, Cash Advances, Cash Equivalent Transactions (transactions in highly liquid assets, e.g. assets that are directly convertible to cash such as, but not limited to, money orders, travelers checks, foreign currency, gambling chips and lottery tickets), Purchases made by or for a business or for a business purpose, fees, interest charges, and unauthorized/fraudulent transactions do not earn AAdvantage® miles.There is no limit to the number of AAdvantage® miles you can earn through use of the Account as long as the Program continues and your Account remains open and in good standing.Additional Benefits of your Account
First Purchase AAdvantage® Bonus MilesThe primary cardmember will earn sixty thousand (60,000) AAdvantage® bonus miles after a first purchase is made on the Account within ninety (90) days of Account opening and the annual fee has been paid. This one-time AAdvantage® bonus mileage offer is valid for first-time cardmembers with new accounts only. Existing cardmembers, existing accounts, and previous cardmember with accounts closed in the past 24 months may not be eligible for this offer. This is a limited-time offer and will no longer be available after October 31, 2018.  Please allow 4-6 weeks for  AAdvantage® bonus miles to be deposited into your AAdvantage® account after the qualifying transaction has posted and your annual fee has been paid.
$100 American Airlines Flight DiscountEarn a $100 American Airlines Flight Discount (the “Flight Discount”) after you spend $30,000 or more in Purchases on your Account during your cardmembership year (each 12 month period through and including your Account anniversary date) and your Account remains open for at least 45 days after your anniversary. The Flight Discount expires one year from date of issue. The Flight Discount is redeemable toward the initial ticket purchase of air travel wholly on flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on American Eagle® flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC for itineraries sold and originating in the U.S., Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands. The Flight Discount is also redeemable for air travel on any oneworld® carrier or American Airlines codeshare flight.
The Flight Discount is redeemable online at aa.com, or by calling American Airlines Reservations. A booking fee may apply for travel booked through American Airlines Reservations. The Flight Discount is redeemable only toward the purchase of the base airfare and directly associated taxes, fees and charges that are collected as part of the fare calculation for travel. The Flight Discount may not be used for flight products and/or services that are sold separately or non-flight products and/or services sold by American Airlines. If the ticket price is greater than the value of the Flight Discount, the difference must be paid only with a credit, debit or charge card, or with American Airlines Gift Cards. If travel booked with the Flight Discount is cancelled or changed by the cardmember, the Flight Discount will be forfeited and the cardmember will be responsible for any applicable fare difference and the applicable change fee. The Flight Discount will not be replaced for any reason. The Flight Discount is non-refundable, may not be sold and has no cash redemption value. Flight Discount will be awarded only if the $30,000 in Purchases requirement was met during your cardmembership year and your Account remains open for at least 45 days after your anniversary.   Please allow 8-12 weeks for delivery of the Flight Discount.
Free Checked BagPrimary cardmembers may check one bag free of charge when traveling on domestic itineraries marketed and operated by American Airlines or on American Eagle® domestic itineraries marketed by American Airlines and operated by Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline.
Up to four (4) customers traveling with the eligible primary cardmember will also get their first checked bag free of charge if they are listed in the same reservation.
For this benefit to apply, the Account must be open 7 days prior to air travel AND reservation must include the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel. If your Account is closed for any reason, these benefits will be cancelled. This benefit cannot be combined with any existing AAdvantage® elite program benefits, or Premium cabin benefits, including any waiver of baggage charges. The First Checked Bag benefit does not apply to overweight or oversized bags. Please see aa.com for baggage weight and size restrictions. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.
Preferred BoardingEligible cardmembers will board after Priority boarding is complete, but before the rest of economy boarding. The boarding benefit will display on your American Airlines boarding pass as Group 5. Up to four (4) companions traveling with and listed in the same reservation as the primary cardmember are eligible to board at the same time as the primary cardmember.  For this benefit to apply, the Account must be open 7 days prior to air travel AND, reservation must include the primary cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel. If your credit card Account is closed for any reason, this benefit will be cancelled.  This benefit applies to flights marketed and operated by American Airlines or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC.  This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.
25% Statement Credit for Inflight PurchasesPrimary cardmembers whose Accounts are in good standing will qualify for a 25% savings on eligible inflight Purchases.  Eligible Purchases include the inflight purchase of food and beverages on American Airlines operated flights when purchased using the Account. Savings does not apply to any other inflight Purchases, such as wireless internet access or inflight Entertainment. This offer is available on eligible flights as long as supplies last. This benefit applies to domestic flights marketing and operated by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC where credit card transactions are accepted. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. This savings will appear as an Account statement credit 6-8 weeks after the Purchase is posted to the Account. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.
10% of your redeemed miles back (10,000 maximum per calendar year)The AAdvantage® bonus miles the primary cardmember earns through this benefit will be based on 10% of the total AAdvantage® miles the primary cardmember redeems during the calendar year, regardless of whether the redeemed AAdvantage® miles were earned through the Account. The maximum number of AAdvantage® bonus miles that can be earned annually from this benefit is 10,000 AAdvantage® bonus miles per calendar year and per AAdvantage® account, regardless of how many total AAdvantage® miles you redeem in that calendar year, and regardless of how many AAdvantage® co-branded credit cards you have. This benefit only applies to AAdvantage® miles redeemed from the primary cardmember's AAdvantage® account. For this benefit to apply, your Account must be open and active at the time of redemption. Discover all the ways to redeem AAdvantage® miles at aa.com/redeem. AAdvantage® bonus miles typically post 6-8 weeks after your redemption to the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® account. 
Reduced Mileage AwardsThe Reduced Mileage Awards program allows primary cardmembers to redeem AAdvantage® miles for discounted round trip or one-way travel on MileSAAver® awards to destinations selected every other month. The MileSAAver® discount is 7,500 AAdvantage® miles round trip or 3,750 AAdvantage® miles one-way for this Account if travel booked is greater than 500 miles in distance. If travel booked is less than or equal to 500 miles in distance, which qualifies for a short haul MileSAAver award, the mileage discount will be 2,000 AAdvantage® miles round trip or 1,000 AAdvantage® miles one-way for this Account.
Redemption of AAdvantage® miles toward Reduced Mileage Awards applies only to bookings made by phone through American Airlines Reservations or through airport or city ticket centers. An award service charge fee may apply per person. Flights and availability are subject to change without notice. For the complete list of Reduced Mileage Awards, visit aa.com/reducedmileageawards.
Elite Qualifying DollarsThe primary cardmember may earn $3,000 Elite Qualifying Dollars (“EQDs”) after spending $25,000 in Net Purchases that post to the AAdvantage® Aviator® Red account from January 1st through December 31st each calendar year. A primary cardmember may earn the maximum $3,000 EQDs per calendar year through the AAdvantage®Aviator® Red account, unless the cardmember has already earned the maximum number of EQDs through other AAdvantage® co-branded credit cards. EQDs earned are in addition to the AAdvantage® miles earned for Net Purchases made on the AAdvantage® Aviator® Red account. Net Purchases exclude returned goods and services, cash advances, convenience checks, transferred balances, credits, fees and interest charges. Net Purchases made by authorized users through additional cards on the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® Aviator® Red account will count toward the primary cardmember’s qualifying spend. EQDs earned as a result of this benefit will typically be posted to the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® account 6-8 weeks after meeting the spend requirement. EQDs will not count toward Million MilerSM status. EQDs cannot be redeemed for award travel, AAdvantage® miles or any other AAdvantage® program awards. EQDs earned with the AAdvantage® Aviator® Red account qualify toward the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® program elite status earning requirements each calendar year, subject to the limits under the Reward Rules and the AAdvantage® program. Full details on elite status and qualifications are available in the AAdvantage® section of aa.com.
AAdvantage® DiningSM ProgramYour Account is automatically enrolled in the AAdvantage® DiningSM Program. The AAdvantage® DiningSM Program is a way for AAdvantage® members to earn additional AAdvantage® miles by dining out at eligible bars or restaurants. You can earn even more miles by creating an AAdvantage® DiningSM profile. If you have provided us with a valid email address, you will be sent a welcome email from Rewards Network with additional information. Your AAdvantage® DiningSM membership is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policy located at aa.rewardsnetwork.com. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.
Responsibility of the Parties/Information SharingAmerican Airlines is not a party to the Cardmember Agreement between you and Barclaycard, does not participate in any extension of credit, has no authority regarding the Account and is not responsible for any goods or services offered by Barclaycard. Barclaycard has no authority regarding the Program and is not responsible for any goods or services offered by American Airlines. You authorize Barclaycard to share information about your Account with American Airlines and its affiliates and authorize American Airlines to share information about your Program membership, to the extent needed to administer the Program and the Account. You also agree that Barclaycard may share Account information as set forth in Barclaycard’s Privacy Policy.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program through use of the Account and accepting and using rewards earned through the Program through use of the Account, you or any other beneficiary of the Program or Account release, discharge and hold harmless Barclaycard and their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program through use of the Account or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program through use of the Account. Barclaycard is not responsible for unauthorized redemptions. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of rewards or a cardmember’s right to possess rewards.
Important General Program DisclosuresAmerican Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® program and its terms and conditions at any time without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® Program with six months’ notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use the awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless specified, AAdvantage® miles earned through use of the Account do not count toward elite-status qualification or AAdvantage® Million MilerSM status. American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. For complete details about the AAdvantage® program, visit aa.com/aadvantage.
Barclaycard is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document. AAdvantage® miles earned through the Account cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us.  Barclaycard reserves the right to correct inaccurate rewards values represented on statements or our website, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict, or terminate the Reward Rules or any aspects or features of the Reward Rules at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be in our sole discretion.
A portion of all travel booked on American Airlines may be American Eagle® service, operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC.
American Airlines, American Eagle, AAdvantage, AAdvantage Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, the Flight Symbol logo and the Tail Design are marks of American Airlines, Inc.
Customer ServiceIf you have any questions about your Account, please contact the customer service phone number on the back of your card.
©2018 Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), Member FDIC

