Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

18.24%, 22.24% or 27.24%, based on your creditworthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers

0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles following each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.
After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account opening) your APR will be 18.24%, 22.24%, or 27.24% based on your creditworthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

27.49%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases

Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

Minimum Interest Charge

If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

 
Fees
Annual Fee

$99

Transaction Fees:

 

Balance Transfer

Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Cash Advance

Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction

0% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.

Penalty Fees:

 

Late Payment

Up to $39 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

Returned Payment

Up to $39 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

 
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)".
 
Terms and Conditions Continued:
Important Information about the AAdvantage Aviator Red Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.

Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $39  (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $39 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).
Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  
++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.

About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of the US territories.  You may not be eligible for this offer if you currently have or previously had an account with us in this Program. In addition, you may not be eligible for this offer if, at any time during our relationship with you as the issuer of an account in this Program, we have cause, as determined by us in our sole discretion, to suspect that the account is being obtained or will be used for abusive or gaming activity (such as, but not limited to, obtaining or using the account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings). If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations, we will not be able to open an account for you. Please review the materials provided with your card for details.    
About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. 
About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 12.74%, 16.74% or 21.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 04/30/2019 using a Prime Rate of 5.5%.

*Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.
Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.
Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.
Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this introductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your account each month.
Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.
Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. 
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.
About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclays), located in Wilmington, Delaware. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Mastercard, World Mastercard, World Elite Mastercard and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International, Incorporated and is used by us pursuant to a license. 
Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.
The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 04/30/2019 and may change after this date.
Information Sharing: Barclays’ Privacy Policy is available online at BarclaysUS.com.  You agree that Barclays, American Airlines® and, Rewards Network may share information about you and your account to the extent needed to administer the AAdvantage® Aviator® Red World Elite Mastercard credit card program in conjunction with the American Airlines AAdvantage® Program and the AAdvantage® Dining ProgramSM.
American Airlines AAdvantage® Aviator® Red Mastercard® Reward Rules
This document contains the official reward rules including but not limited to how you earn AAdvantage® miles, other benefits and redemption information for the American Airlines AAdvantage® Aviator® Red Mastercard® account ("Card Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclays", "we", "us", or "our") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Card Account Reward Rules"). Use of your Card Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement (“Cardmember Agreement”). "You", "your" or "primary cardmember" means the person who applied for the Card Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Card Account Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.
Barclays is solely responsible for establishing these Card Account Reward Rules and for communicating with American Airlines as described below to administer the Card Account Reward Rules. Certain of the Card Account benefits are fulfilled under the AAdvantage® program, which is a frequent flyer program offered by American Airlines (the “AAdvantage® Program”) and is not a product or program of Barclays.
American Airlines is solely responsible for establishing the terms and conditions of your participation and mileage accumulation in the AAdvantage® Program and the administration and maintenance of your AAdvantage® Program account (“AAdvantage® Account”). Terms and conditions of the AAdvantage® Program are separate from these Card Account Reward Rules, and are published by American Airlines at aa.com/aadvantage. American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® Program, including its terms and conditions, at any time with or without prior notice, including by providing additional terms and conditions in connection with promotional activity related to the AAdvantage® Program.
Card Account Reward Rules AdministrationThe Card Account Reward Rules are administered by Barclays located in Wilmington, DE. We reserve the right to modify, amend or terminate the Card Account Reward Rules at any time with or without notice. You can review current Card Account Reward Rules any time by logging in to your Card Account at Aviatormastercard.com.
To maintain your eligibility for participation in the AAdvantage® Program through use of the Card Account:
You must maintain an open Card Account that is in good standing. “Good Standing” means your Card Account is not in default under the terms your Cardmember Agreement with us (in “Good Standing”).You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Card Account only for personal, family or household expenses.AAdvantage® Program Membership 
If your AAdvantage® Account number was included in the application, we will add that number to your Card Account automatically.If the AAdvantage® Account number that you provided is found to be invalid, or you did not provide us with an AAdvantage® Account number, you consent to and will be enrolled in the AAdvantage® Program and a new AAdvantage® Account number will be assigned to you.Only one AAdvantage® Account number will be applied per Card Account, and assigned as the primary cardmember on that Card Account.Important Information about AAdvantage® Miles
As long as the AAdvantage® Program continues and the Card Account is open and in Good Standing, there is no limit to the total AAdvantage® miles you can earn using your Card Account.All AAdvantage® miles earned by the primary cardmember and any authorized user, through use of the Card Account, will be transferred to the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® Account after the close of each Card Account billing statement. Your AAdvantage® Account is subject to the AAdvantage® Program terms and conditions, located at aa.com/aadvantage, which includes expiration and forfeiture policies. If you do not receive credit for earned AAdvantage® miles through use of your Card Account, please contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card.You have no property rights or other legal interest in AAdvantage® miles. AAdvantage® miles have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed. AAdvantage® miles may not be assigned or transferred. You are responsible for any tax liability related to participating in the AAdvantage® Program.     Participation in the AAdvantage® Program through use of your Card Account is subject to all applicable laws and regulations. The sale or barter of any reward offered through the AAdvantage® Program earned through the use of the Card Account, other than by us or American Airlines, is expressly prohibited.You can view a summary of your AAdvantage® miles earned through the use of your Card Account on your monthly Card Account billing statement or by logging into aa.com/aadvantage.  Your total AAdvantage® Account mileage balance is available by calling 800-433-7300 or online at aa.com.Barclays is not responsible for awarding the AAdvantage® miles to your AAdvantage® Account, for arranging or providing for any goods or services related to the use of AAdvantage® miles, for any delay, failure, or refusal by American Airlines to award or redeem AAdvantage® miles, or for any decision by American Airlines to revoke or cancel AAdvantage® miles or membership in the AAdvantage® Once we transfer AAdvantage® miles earned through the use of the Card Account after the close of each Card Account billing cycle, American Airlines is responsible for posting the AAdvantage® miles to your AAdvantage® Account. Earning  AAdvantage® MilesYou earn AAdvantage® miles for purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user of the Card Account as follows:
You earn two (2) AAdvantage® miles for every one dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases made with the Card Account, on eligible tickets, goods and services purchased directly from American Airlines (“American Purchases”). Eligible American Purchases are items billed by American Airlines as merchant of record and, as applicable, booked through American Airlines channels (aa.com, American Airlines Reservations, American Airlines Vacations reservations, Airpass, and American Airlines airport and city ticket counters). Products or services that do not qualify as American Purchases are car rentals and hotel reservations (except taxes and charges paid when redeeming AAdvantage® miles for car/hotel), purchase of AAdvantage® Program elite status boost or renewal, and AA CargoSM products and services, and Flight Cents Amounts. You earn one (1) AAdvantage® mile for every one dollar ($1.00) of all other Net Purchases made with the Card Account.  Miles earned will be posted to the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® Account within 8-10 weeks. Balance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Card Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases do not earn AAdvantage® miles. Balance transfers and cash advances are not considered purchases. Bonus AAdvantage® Offers
Introductory AAdvantage® Program OfferThe primary cardmember will earn fifty thousand (50,000) AAdvantage® bonus miles and one (1) domestic economy fare American Airlines Companion Certificate (the “Companion Certificate”) redeemable for one (1) companion ticket at $99 (plus taxes and fees) after a purchase is made on the Card Account within ninety (90) days of Card Account opening and the annual fee has been paid. Please allow 4-6 weeks for the AAdvantage® bonus miles to be deposited into your AAdvantage® Account and allow 8-10 weeks for delivery of the Companion Certificate after the qualifying purchase has posted to your Card Account and the annual fee has been paid. Balance transfers and cash advances do not qualify as purchases. This offer may be canceled at any time without notice.
When the Companion Certificate is used according to its terms, the primary cardmember will pay a $99 companion ticket fee plus government taxes and fees, the amount of which will depend on the itinerary (as of the date of these Card Account Reward Rules government taxes and fees range between $21.60 and $43.20), for a round-trip qualifying domestic economy fare ticket for a companion when an individual round-trip qualifying domestic economy fare ticket is purchased and redeemed through American Airlines Meeting Services. Companion Certificate eligible travel must be booked and purchased from select economy inventory. The Companion Certificate will be valid one year from the issue date. Companion Certificate eligible travel is defined as  travel on flights within the 48 contiguous United States, on flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC. For residents of Alaska and Hawaii, Companion Certificate eligible travel is defined as round-trip travel originating in either of those two states and continuing to the 48 contiguous United States. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice. Details, terms and conditions, certain restrictions, and restricted dates apply and will be disclosed on the Companion Certificate.
From time to time, we may offer bonuses of AAdvantage® miles or other incentives to new American Airlines AAdvantage® Aviator® Red Mastercard® cardmembers in connection with an application for a new account. These bonuses and /or incentives are intended for persons who are not and have not previously been American Airlines AAdvantage® Aviator® Red Mastercard® cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new American Airlines AAdvantage® Aviator® Red Mastercard® account after this Card Account is opened.
Redeeming AAdvantage® MilesAmerican Airlines manages the AAdvantage® Program, including redemption. You can obtain information regarding the redemption options available by calling 800-433-7300 or online at aa.com/redeem.
A portion of all travel booked on American Airlines may be American Eagle® service, operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC.
AAdvantage® Miles Forfeiture If your Card Account is closed for any of the following reasons, your AAdvantage® miles earned during that billing cycle but not yet sent to American Airlines will be forfeited:
You or any authorized user on the Card Account engages in any fraudulent or illegal activity through the use of your Card Account.You, or any authorized user on the Card Account engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using a card account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You or any authorized user on the Card Account have negative public record information identified.Your history of Card Account usage.You or any authorized user on the Card Account violates any of the Card Account Reward Rules.Your Card Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.Additional Benefits of your Card Account 
Free Checked BagPrimary cardmembers may check one bag free of charge when traveling on domestic itineraries marketed and operated by American Airlines or on American Eagle® domestic itineraries marketed by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC. This is not available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. 
Up to four (4) companions traveling with the eligible primary cardmember will also get their first checked bag free of charge if they are listed in the same reservation. For this benefit to apply, the Card Account must be open 7 days prior to air travel, and the reservation must include the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® Account number 7 days prior to air travel. If your Card Account is closed for any reason, these benefits will be canceled. This benefit cannot be combined with any existing AAdvantage® Program elite program benefits, or Premium cabin benefits, including any waiver of baggage charges. The First Checked Bag benefit does not apply to overweight or oversized bags. Please see aa.com for baggage weight and size restrictions. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice. If a free bag code was provided after being approved for a Card Account on the same day of travel, that free bag code can be manually applied by ticketing agents only, for any flights under the Record Locator entered at application for up to 21 days after application date.
Preferred BoardingEligible cardmembers will board after Priority boarding is complete, but before the rest of economy boarding. The boarding benefit will display on your American Airlines boarding pass as Group 5. Up to four (4) companions traveling with and listed in the same reservation as the primary cardmember are eligible to board at the same time as the primary cardmember. For this benefit to apply, the Card Account must be open 7 days prior to air travel, and the reservation must include the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® Account number 7 days prior to air travel. If your Card Account is closed for any reason, this benefit will be cancelled. This benefit applies to flights marketed and operated by American Airlines or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice. Please see aa.com/i18n/travel-info/boarding-process.jsp for more details.
Anniversary Companion Certificate At each card anniversary, you will be eligible to earn one (1) domestic economy fare Companion Certificate redeemable for one (1) companion ticket at $99 (plus taxes and fees) provided that $20,000 or more in eligible Net Purchases are made with your Card Account during the card membership year (each 12-month period through and including your Card Account anniversary month) and your Card Account remains open for at least 45 days after the anniversary date. Please allow 8-10 weeks for delivery of the Companion Certificate.
When the Companion Certificate is used according to its terms, you will pay a $99 companion ticket fee plus government taxes and fees, the amount of which will depend on the itinerary (as of the date of these Card Account Reward Rules government taxes and fees range between $21.60 and $43.20), for a round-trip qualifying domestic economy fare ticket for a companion when an individual round-trip qualifying domestic economy fare ticket is purchased and redeemed through American Airlines Meeting Services. Companion certificate eligible travel must be booked and purchased from select economy inventory. The Companion Certificate will be valid one year from the issue date.  Companion Certificate eligible travel is defined as travel on flights within the 48 contiguous United States, on flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC. For residents of Alaska and Hawaii, Companion Certificate eligible travel is defined as round-trip travel originating in either of those two states and continuing to the 48 contiguous United States. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice. Details, terms and conditions, certain restrictions, and restricted dates apply and will be disclosed on the Companion Certificate.
Anniversary $25 Wi-Fi CreditYou will qualify for Wi-Fi statement credits up to a maximum of $25 per Card Account each card membership year (each 12-month period through and including your Card Account anniversary month) towards Wi-Fi sessions on American Airlines operated flights when purchased on your Card Account. Transaction dates for each Wi-Fi purchase will be used to determine the card membership year in which each Wi-Fi purchase applies. This benefit applies to cardmembers in Good Standing, and  flights that are marketed and operated by American Airlines, or marketed by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC.  This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. You may not receive Wi-Fi statement credits unless your Card Account annual fee has been paid. Any outstanding Wi-Fi statement credits will be applied to your Card Account once you pay your Card Account annual fee. Wi-Fi statement credits will appear on your Card Account billing statement 6-8 weeks after each eligible purchase is posted to your Card Account. If your Card Account is closed, any outstanding Wi-Fi statement credits will be forfeited. Wi-Fi usage is subject to the terms of usage and restrictions of the Wi-Fi service provider. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply and are subject to change without notice. Please visit aa.com/wifi for additional details.
Flight Cents™ (“Flight Cents”)
Participation in Flight Cents is optional. In order to participate in Flight Cents you must set your threshold by logging into your Card Account at AviatorMastercard.com to any dollar amount from $1 to $500. If you do not wish to participate in Flight Cents you should leave your threshold set to the default amount, which is $0. The current threshold as of 11:59pm ET on the end of the day before your billing cycle ends will be used as the threshold for the next billing cycle. You can view and update your threshold amount by logging into your Card Account at AviatorMastercard.com.Flight Cents rounds up purchases made by you and/or any authorized user of the Card Account as follows: when a purchase is not a whole dollar amount, it will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar (“Flight Cents Amount”) up to your threshold. For example, if you make a purchase in the amount of $3.10, your Flight Cents Amount will be $0.90.Your total Flight Cents Amount will be used to acquire AAdvantage® miles at the end of the day before each billing cycle ends, subject to the Card Account remaining in Good Standing. You will acquire 0.5 AAdvantage® miles through Flight Cents for every 1 cent of the Flight Cents Amount that is rounded up. For example, if your Flight Cents Amount is $49, we will charge your Card Account that amount and you will acquire 2,450 AAdvantage® miles. When AAdvantage® miles acquired through Flight Cents are not whole amounts, any amount that is equal to or greater than 0.5 will be rounded up to the nearest whole mile. For example, if your AAdvantage® miles acquired through Flight Cents are 2,450.5, your AAdvantage® miles will be deemed to be 2,451. Any purchases not posted to your Card Account by the end of the day before your billing cycle ends will not be considered in the total Flight Cents Amount until the next billing cycle. The Flight Cents Amount and associated AAdvantage® miles will be reflected on your Card Account billing statement.Flight Cents Amounts are posted to your Card Account as purchases.Regardless of the occurrence of fraud, returns or the resolution of disputed purchases we will calculate the Flight Cents Amount based on all purchases that posted to your Card Account.If at the time of calculating the total Flight Cents Amount, there is inadequate credit line to include the total Flight Cents Amount, we will include the Flight Cents Amount up to your available credit limit. In the event there is no credit line available, we will not include any Flight Cents Amount for that billing cycle. In either case, all or a portion of the Flight Cents Amount for that billing cycle will be forfeited. Please note, even though any Flight Cents Amount that is posted to your Card Account will not cause you to go over your credit limit, any interest and fees that bill to your Card Account after the close of your billing cycle could cause your total balance to exceed your credit limit.AAdvantage® miles acquired through Flight Cents will be shown separately in the rewards summary section of your Card Account billing statement. An itemized list of Flight Cents Amounts will be available for viewing online by logging into your Card Account at AviatorMastercard.com and visiting the Flight Cents summary page.Reduced Mileage AwardsThe Reduced Mileage Awards program allows primary cardmembers to redeem AAdvantage® miles for discounted round trip or one-way travel on MileSAAver® awards to select destinations designated every other month. The MileSAAver® discount is 7,500 AAdvantage® miles round trip or 3,750 AAdvantage® miles one-way if travel booked is greater than 500 miles in distance. If travel booked is less than or equal to 500 miles in distance, which qualifies for a short haul MileSAAver award, the mileage discount will be 2,000 AAdvantage® miles round trip or 1,000 AAdvantage® miles one-way.
Redemption of AAdvantage® miles toward Reduced Mileage Awards applies only to bookings made by phone through American Airlines Reservations or through airport or city ticket centers. A per person award service charge fee may apply. Flights and availability are subject to change without notice. For the complete list of Reduced Mileage Awards, visit aa.com/reducedmileageawards.
AAdvantage® DiningSM ProgramYour Card Account is automatically enrolled in the AAdvantage® DiningSM Program. The AAdvantage® DiningSM Program is a way for AAdvantage® members to earn additional AAdvantage® miles by dining out at eligible bars or restaurants. You can earn even more miles by creating an AAdvantage® DiningSM profile. If you have provided us with a valid email address, you will be sent a welcome email from Rewards Network with additional information. Your AAdvantage® DiningSM membership is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policy located at aa.rewardsnetwork.com. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.
25% Statement Credit for Inflight PurchasesPrimary cardmembers whose Card Accounts are in Good Standing will qualify for a 25% savings on eligible inflight purchases. Eligible purchases include the inflight purchase of food and beverages on American Airlines operated flights when purchased using the Card Account. Savings does not apply to any other inflight purchases, such as wireless internet access or inflight entertainment. This offer is available on eligible flights as long as supplies last. This benefit applies to flights marketed and operated by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC where credit card transactions are accepted. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. This savings will appear as a statement credit on your Card Account 6-8 weeks after the purchase is posted to the Card Account. Additional terms, conditions and restrictions may apply. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice. Please see aa.com/i18n/travel-info/experience/dining/main-cabin-food.jsp for more details. 
Responsibility of the Parties/Information SharingAmerican Airlines is not a party to the Cardmember Agreement between you and Barclays, does not participate in any extension of credit, and has no authority regarding the Card Account and is not responsible for any goods or services offered by Barclays. Barclays has no authority regarding the AAdvantage® Program and is not responsible for any goods or services offered by American Airlines. You authorize Barclays to share information about your Card Account with American Airlines and its affiliates and with the AAdvantage® DiningSM program, and authorize American Airlines to share information about your AAdvantage® Program Account, to the extent needed to administer the AAdvantage® Program. For details on how Barclays may use your information, please see the Privacy Policy for Barclays at AviatorMastercard.com. For details on how American Airlines may use your information, please see the terms and conditions of the AAdvantage® Program at aa.com/aadvantage.
Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the AAdvantage® Program through the use of the Card Account and accepting and using miles and other benefits earned through the AAdvantage® Program through the use of the Card Account, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the AAdvantage® Program or Card Account) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclays, American Airlines, and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the AAdvantage® Program through use of the Card Account or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the AAdvantage® Program through use of the Card Account. Barclays has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of AAdvantage® miles, redemption of AAdvantage® miles or a cardmember’s right to possess AAdvantage® miles.
Important General AAdvantage®  Program and Card Account Disclosures American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® Program and its terms and conditions at any time without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® Program with six months' notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use the awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless specified, AAdvantage® miles earned through use of the Card Account do not count toward elite-status qualification or AAdvantage® Million MilerSM status. American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. For complete details about the AAdvantage® Program, visit aa.com/aadvantage.  American Airlines, American Eagle, AAdvantage, AA Cargo, AAdvantage Dining, AAdvantage Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, the Flight Symbol logo and the Tail Design are marks of American Airlines, Inc.  AAdvantage® miles earned through use of the Card Account cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us or American Airlines.
Barclays reserves the right to correct inaccurate AAdvantage® miles values represented on statements, our website and/or our mobile app, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict, or terminate the Card Account Reward Rules or any aspects or features of the Card Account Reward Rules at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Card Account Reward Rules shall be in our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply.  All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners.  Barclays is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials. 
Customer Service If you have any questions about your Card Account, please contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your card.       
© 2019 Barclays Bank Delaware, Member FDIC. 
AA2_R11_052019                                                                                                                                BAR-7059-9

