,
Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

16.24%,  21.24% or 26.24% based on your creditworthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
0%  APR for 6 billing cycles from the transaction date on all "Qualifying Carnival Cruise Booking Purchases" (see below).
After that, your APR for your Qualifying Carnival Cruise Booking Purchase will be 16.24%,  21.24% or 26.24%  based on your creditworthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers

0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles following each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.
After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account opening) your APR will be 16.24%, 21.24%, or 26.24% based on your creditworthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

27.49%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases

Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

Minimum Interest Charge

If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

 
Fees
Annual Fee

$0

Transaction Fees:

 

Balance Transfer

Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Cash Advance

Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction

0% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.

Penalty Fees:

 

Late Payment

Up to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

Returned Payment

Up to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)".
 
Terms and Conditions Continued:
Important Information about the Carnival Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.
Qualifying Carnival Cruise Booking Purchase(s): A “Qualifying Carnival Cruise Booking Purchase” is a Carnival Cruise, purchased with a Carnival World Mastercard, as determined by the merchant identification number provided by the Carnival Cruise Line. It includes only the cruise purchase and does not include any other purchases in association with the Carnival Cruise nor any other purchases made while on any Carnival Cruise. Barclays is not responsible for purchases that have an incorrect merchant identification number provided by Carnival Cruise Line.
Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).
Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  
++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.
About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations, we may be unable to open an account for you. Please review the materials provided with your card for details.    
About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. 
About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 10.74%, 15.74% or 20.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 12/31/2018 using a Prime Rate of 5.5%.

Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.
Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.
Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.
Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this introductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your account each month.
Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.
Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. 
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.
About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated, and is used by us pursuant to a license. 
Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.
The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 12/31/2018 and may change after this date.
Information Sharing:
Barclays' Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I agree that Carnival and Barclays may share information about me and my account to the extent necessary to administer the Carnival FunPoints Program in conjunction with the Carnival World Mastercard.
 
CARNIVAL™ MASTERCARD® REWARD RULESThis document contains the official Reward Rules for the Carnival Mastercard Account ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclaycard," "we," "us," or "our") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Reward Rules") for your Account Rewards program ("Program"). Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement (“Cardmember Agreement”). "You," "your" or "primary cardmember" means the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.The Privacy Policy for Barclaycard is available online at BarclaycardUS.com. You agree that Barclaycard and Carnival will share information to the extent needed to administer the Program.
Reward Rules AdministrationThe Program and Reward Rules are administered by Barclaycard located in Wilmington, DE. We reserve the right to modify, amend or terminate the Reward Rules and the Program at any time with or without notice. You can review current Reward Rules any time by logging in to your Account at BarclaycardUS.com.Gift card/certificates, merchandise, travel redemptions and onboard amenities are administered by LoyaltyEdge LLC, (“Loyalty Edge”) an independent company not affiliated with Barclaycard or Carnival. Loyalty Edge Terms and Conditions (“Rewards Terms & Conditions”) specific to the aforementioned redemptions are available at BarclaycardUS.com on the Shop page.To maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program through use of the Account:• You must maintain an open Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (in “Good Standing”). See sections titled “FunPoints Restrictions” and “FunPoints Forfeiture” for more details.• Your Account cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 6 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments and no purchases and/or transactions.• You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Account only for personal, family or household expenses.
Earning FunPoints®• You earn FunPoints for purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user of the Account as follows:• You earn 2 FunPoints for every $1.00 spent on Carnival Cruise vacation and Carnival Vacation Club purchases.• You earn 2 FunPoints for every $1.00 spent on any purchases charged to the Sail and Sign® account onboard any Carnival cruise ship.• You earn 2 FunPoints for every $1.00 spent on any purchases with brands of the World’s Leading Cruise Line. (Costa, P&O Australia, P&O Cruises, Princess Cruises, Holland America Line, Aida, Cunard, Seabourn, Fathom). Brands are subject to change. For a complete list, please visit worldsleadingcruiselines.com.• You earn 1 FunPoint for every $1.00 spent on all other Net Purchases.• Balance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases do not earn FunPoints except as permitted.• When a purchase and/or transaction is not a whole dollar amount, any amount that is equal to or greater than $0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar and any amount that is equal to or less than $0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole dollar to calculate your FunPoints earned. For example, if you make a purchase and/or transaction in the amount of $25.50, you will be awarded 26 FunPoints, but if the purchase and/or transaction amount is $25.49, you will be awarded 25 FunPoints.• There is no limit to the total FunPoints you can earn as long as the Program continues and the Account is in Good Standing.From time to time, we may offer bonuses of FunPoints or other incentives to new Carnival Mastercard cardmembers in connection with an application for a new account. These bonuses and/or incentives are intended for persons who are not and have not previously been Carnival Mastercard cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new Carnival Mastercard account after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current or former Carnival Mastercard cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or reduce your FunPoints by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Account for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.
Bonus FunPoints• You will receive a one-time 10,000 FunPoints bonus after your first purchase or balance transfer posts to this Account. The bonus will be reflected on the billing statement in which you have qualified to earn the bonus.• You will earn 1 FunPoint per $1.00 in balances transferred to Carnival Rewards Mastercard after the Account is opened in the first 30 days, up to a maximum 5,000 FunPoints.From time to time, we may offer bonuses of FunPoints or other incentives to new Carnival Mastercard cardmembers in connection with an application for a new account. These bonuses and/or incentives are intended for persons who are not and have not previously been Carnival Mastercard cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new Carnival Mastercard account after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current or former Carnival Mastercard cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or reduce your FunPoints by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Account for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.
Redeeming FunPoints• The primary cardmember can redeem FunPoints, either by phone or by logging in to their Account online. Any authorized user on the Account is able to redeem FunPoints by phone.• To redeem, visit BarclaycardUS.com or call the number on the back of your card.• Barclaycard is not responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your Account.• All redemptions are final. FunPoints can’t be returned, refunded, exchanged or credited, unless otherwise specified.Statement Credits• You may redeem FunPoints for statement credits toward eligible purchases made using your Carnival Mastercard.• Eligible purchases that you may redeem FunPoints for statement credits include: Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa, P&O Australia, P&O Cruises, Princess Cruises, Holland America Line, Aida, Cunard, Seabourn, Fathom or an airline or hotel purchase that is equal to or greater than $50 and that posted to the Account within the prior 180 days.• Airline and Hotel purchases must be submitted by merchants using the merchant category codes for purchases in these categories to qualify for statement credit redemption.      – Airlines: Airline purchases are defined as air carriers, airlines, airports, airport terminals and flying fields as identified by the merchant category codes.      – Hotels: Hotel purchases are defined as lodging-hotels, motels, and resorts as identified by merchant category code.• The amount of FunPoints needed to redeem will vary by transaction.• Redemptions start at 5,000 FunPoints for a $50 statement credit toward an eligible Carnival Cruise Line purchase in the last 180 days. Statement credit redemption value toward Carnival Cruise Lines purchases will vary based on the amount of the Carnival Cruise Line Purchase as follows:      – $50.00 increments between $50.00 and $1,499.99 for a redemption value of 1%, and      – $50.00 increments between $1,500.00 and $5,000.00 for a redemption value of 1.50%• The statement credit redemption value for World’s Leading Cruise Line Cruises will be 1%.• The statement credit redemption value for airline and hotel purchases will be .90%• If you do not have enough FunPoints available to redeem for the full purchase amount, you will only be able to redeem within pre-determined statement credit increments as follows:      – $50.00 statement credit increments between $50.00 and $5,000.00• If you redeem your FunPoints for a statement credit, the credit will be posted to your Account within 1-2 business days and will appear on your Account billing statement within 1 billing cycle. There is no maximum to the number of FunPoints that may be redeemed in any billing cycle.• Statement credits reduce your Account balance but cannot be applied toward any minimum payment requirement and are otherwise subject to the terms and conditions applicable to your Account.Onboard Amenities• You may redeem FunPoints for onboard amenities and packages to be delivered onboard the ship during your cruise and are only available in conjunction with an applicable cruise vacation. In the event that an item is unavailable or temporarily out of stock, the item may be substituted at Carnival’s discretion. An onboard gift voucher may not be redeemed for onboard credit and has no cash value. Orders for onboard amenities will be accepted up to 15 days prior to your cruise departure date.
Gift Card/Certificate Redemptions• Redemptions for gift cards start at 3,300 FunPoints for $25.• The selection of gift cards are subject to availability and the number of FunPoints needed to redeem for them may change at any time.• Terms of gift cards and/or certificate redemptions are subject to the rules of the merchant and may be viewed online at BarclaycardUS.com at the time of redemption. Each merchant/provider has the right to place restrictions on the use of its gift cards or gift certificates. Gift cards or gift certificates are not exchangeable, refundable, transferable or redeemable for cash, cannot be replaced if lost or stolen and are void where prohibited.• Additional terms and restrictions apply. For complete details, you can review the Rewards Terms & Conditions at BarclaycardUS.com on the Shop page.
Merchandise Redemptions• The selection of merchandise items are subject to availability and the number of FunPoints needed to redeem them may change at any time.• Any purchase, price and return protection and extended warranty coverage associated with your Account are not applicable to rewards. The manufacturer’s warranty, if any, applies to items offered. Please check product terms and conditions online at BarclaycardUS.com at the time of redemption for additional product information details.• Velvet Glove delivery is available on select products. Additional details are available online at BarclaycardUS.com at the time of redemption.• Additional terms and restrictions apply. For complete details, you can review the Rewards Terms & Conditions at BarclaycardUS.com on the Shop page.Merchandise Return Policy• Merchandise is nonrefundable and nonreturnable.• Mail Delivery: If the merchandise you received is damaged or defective, you must contact the customer service number on the back of your card immediately and the merchandise must be returned within 30 days of delivery. No exchanges or returns are accepted after 30 days. Products must be in their original packaging. All parts must be included in the package before credit will be issued or a replacement of the damaged or defective merchandise will be shipped.• Velvet Glove Delivery: Should you find an issue with the merchandise, you should refuse the delivery, ask the carrier to re-package and remove the merchandise from your premises, and contact the customer service number on the back of your card. Once you accept delivery, no refunds, exchanges, or replacements will be allowed.
Travel Redemptions• You may redeem FunPoints for airfare, hotel and car rentals when you book through Loyalty Edge on BarclaycardUS.com or by calling the customer service number on the back of your card. All air travel must be booked through Loyalty Edge. No other travel agency may be used for these offers. You may redeem FunPoints for a scheduled ticket on a participating major airline carrier, provided that the fares and schedules are found on, and the ability to generate a ticket (electronic or paper) is possible through the Global Distribution System (GDS). GDS provides the same flights and fares available to travel agencies, but lower fares may be available elsewhere, e.g. from charters, wholesalers, consolidators and any Internet fares that are not published and/or available through GDS.• Redemptions start at 10,000 FunPoints toward an airline ticket, hotel or car rental.• All bookings are final and non-refundable. If you wish to cancel a booking, you will forfeit your FunPoints redeemed for that booking and may incur additional supplier fees.• Barclaycard, Carnival and Loyalty Edge are not responsible for the performance of any airline, communication of airline schedule changes or any other changes made by the airline. Airline reservations should be reconfirmed by the primary cardmember or designated traveler at least 72 hours prior to departure. All reservations are subject to the conditions of carriage, supply or business of the service provider, which include exclusions and limitations of liability. The primary cardmember or designated traveler is responsible for obtaining a valid government-issued photo ID and the appropriate international travel documentation such as passports and visas.• There are no restrictions or blackout dates for eligible or participating airfare reward redemptions available on GDS.• For complete details, you can review the Rewards Terms & Conditions at BarclaycardUS.com on the Travel page.
10% reFUNdWhen you use Your Account to purchase a Carnival shore excursion on Carnival.com prior to your cruise, you will receive a 10% discount on the shore excursion package (taxes and fees are not included in the discount). This discount will appear on the same billing statement as the shore excursion package purchase. Shore excursions may be booked online prior to sailing up until the Pre-Sail cut-off time of 11:30pm ET, the evening prior to the cruise departure. The statement credit will be posted to your Account within 1-2 business days and will appear on your Account billing statement within 1 billing cycle.
Important Information about FunPoints• As long as the Program continues and the Account is open, active and in Good Standing, there is no limit to the total FunPoints you can earn and your FunPoints will not expire.• In the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Account or violation of the Reward Rules, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding adjustments to or invalidate FunPoints accrued in the Program through use of the Account, to disqualify you from participating in the Program through use of the Account, and/or to close your Account at any time. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.• You will have 60 days from the Account closure date to redeem any outstanding FunPoints, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure.• All FunPoints earned by the primary cardmember and any authorized user will be added to the primary cardmember’s FunPoints balance.• If you do not receive credit for earned FunPoints, please contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card.• You have no property rights or other legal interest in FunPoints. FunPoints amounts have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed.• FunPoints may not be transferred or assigned.• The Program is subject to all applicable laws and regulations.• You are solely responsible for any taxes that may be owed as a result of FunPoints earned and/or redeemed. Please consult your tax advisor if you have tax questions about the Program. Barclaycard does not provide tax advice.• You can view your current FunPoints balance at barclaycardUS.com and a summary of your FunPoints on your monthly Account billing statement.
FunPoints RestrictionsYou may not earn or redeem FunPoints through use of the Account during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:• You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.• You fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date.• Your Account becomes delinquent.• Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.
FunPoints ForfeitureFunPoints earned through use of the Account may be forfeited if any of the following occur:• You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.• Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclaycard in its sole discretion.• Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.• You or we close your Account for any reason. You will have 60 days from the Account closure date to redeem any outstanding FunPoints, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure.
Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program and accepting and using FunPoints earned through the Program, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclaycard, and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program. Barclaycard, Carnival, and Loyalty Edge are not responsible for unauthorized redemptions or Your Account. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of FunPoints on items received through redemptions or a cardmember’s right to possess FunPoints or make redemptions.
Important General Program DisclosuresBarclaycard reserves the right to correct inaccurate FunPoints values represented on statements, our website and/or our mobile app, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict or terminate the Program or any aspects or features of the Program at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be at our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply. All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials. FunPoints cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us.
Customer ServiceIf you have any questions about the Program, please contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your card.© 2017 Barclays Bank Delaware, member FDIC


