                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases15.49%, 20.49% or 25.49%, based on your credit
 worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for B
alance Transfers0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles followi
ng each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account op
ening.After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of 
account opening) your APR will be 15.49%, 20.49%, or 25.49% based on your credit
 worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for 
Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Ho
w to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after t
he close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if 
you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf
 you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card 
Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to
 consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Con
sumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. F
eesAnnual Fee$0Transaction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount o
f each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount
 of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction0% of each transa
ction in U.S. dollars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee
 varies by state, see below) Returned PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee va
ries by state, see below) How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method ca
lled "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at
 the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (
including new purchases)". Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information 
about the Holland Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review 
the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned)
, interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before appl
ying.Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residen
ts of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 f
or residents of Iowa at time of account opening).Agreement: The use of any accou
nt opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will b
e subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, 
and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with th
e account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  You agree that 
if you are not approved for a Signature account you may be approved for a Platin
um account.++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s)
, at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliat
es and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other product
s or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or 
text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.About Thi
s Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to a
pplicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto R
ico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or hav
e had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the
 credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income 
you report is insufficient based on your current obligations,    we may be unabl
e to open an account for you, or you may receive a Platinum card. Platinum benef
its differ from Signature benefits. Please review the materials provided with yo
ur card for details. About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to
 obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and i
f we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that w
e may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell 
the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report ab
out you. About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate 
listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. Fo
r the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 10.74%, 1
5.74% or 20.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash a
dvance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for m
ore detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rate
 of 4.75%.Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To h
elp the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activitie
s, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record
 information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means t
o you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address,
 date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us
 to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We als
o ask for country of citizenship.Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To requ
est a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mast
ercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to pro
cess a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assign
ed credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a 
partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new 
account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transf
er fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transf
er. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account y
ou may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date.
 You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If
 you do, you may lose your dispute rights.Upon approval of your application we w
ill process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you h
ave requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 d
ay time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the numb
er on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post t
o your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer 
appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balanc
e transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express
 or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new 
credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability
. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.Avoiding 
Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you p
ay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this intr
oductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the d
ue date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introduct
ory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least 
the minimum payment due on your account each month.Credit Limit: We do not permi
t applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request fo
r a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular c
redit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and pr
ior to processing any balance transfer request.Cash Equivalent Purchases: The pu
rchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, ga
mbling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash 
advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.New York Residents: N
ew York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Service
s by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free in
formation on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. Notice to Oh
io Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors ma
ke credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit repor
ting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request
.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.Notice 
to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statem
ent or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect
 our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the a
greement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand
 that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.About Us 
and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administere
d by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any accoun
t opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the St
ate of Delaware.  Visa is a registered trademark of VISA USA, Inc. and is used b
y us pursuant to a license.Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account 
your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened 
if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If th
e request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Deliv
ery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you a
dded an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) canno
t be expressed delivered.The information contained in these disclosures is accur
ate as of 03/30/2018 and may change after this date.Information Sharing:Barclays
' Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I agree that Barc
lays Bank Delaware, Holland America Line and the Rewards Program administrator, 
Enhancement Services Corporation ("ESC Loyalty") may share information about me 
and my account to the extent needed to fulfill the Rewards Program.HOLLAND REWAR
D RULESHolland America Line Rewards™ Program RulesThis document contains the off
icial Rewards Program Rules (Program Rules) for the Holland America Line Rewards
™ Program (the “Program”) associated with the Holland America Line Rewards Visa®
 account (the “Account” or “Card”) issued by Barclays Bank Delaware (“Barclaycar
d”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and includes important conditions and limitations. Plea
se read this document and keep it in a safe place. “You”, “your” or “primary car
dmember” means the person who applied for the Account. Use of your Account const
itutes your acceptance of each of the terms described herein. Capitalized terms 
not defined in these Program Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Card
member Agreement. Program AdministrationThe Program is administered by Barclayca
rd located in Wilmington, DE. Barclaycard’s Privacy Policy is available online a
t BarclaycardUS.com. Barclaycard and Holland America are responsible for establi
shing the terms and conditions of the Program and reserve the right to modify, a
mend, or terminate the Program at any time, with or without notice. Gift cards/c
ertificates, merchandise and travel redemptions are administered by Loyalty Edge
, Inc. (“Loyalty Edge”), an independent company not affiliated with Barclaycard 
or Holland America. Holland America is not a party to the Cardmember Agreement b
etween you and us, does not participate in any extension of credit, and has no a
uthority regarding the Account. Barclaycard is the sole creditor and owner of th
e Account. Barclaycard and Holland America will share information to the extent 
needed to administer the Program. To qualify for participation in the Program an
d to maintain your good standing:• You must maintain an open Account that is not
 in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.• Your Account cannot have b
een inactive for 7 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 7 months)
. “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments, and no transactions.• You m
ust be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not par
ticipate) and use the Account only for personal, family, or household expenses. 
If you do not keep your Account open, active, and in good standing, your enrollm
ent in the Program may be cancelled and any unredeemed Points may be forfeited.E
arning Points• You earn Holland America Points (“Points”) for retail purchases l
ess credits, returns, and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any A
uthorized User(s) of the Account.• You earn Points in the following amounts base
d upon the types of purchase transactions made using your Account: Two (2) Poin
ts for every one U.S. dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases from Holland America Line 
including online and onboard purchases. One (1) Point per one dollar ($1.00) sp
ent on all other purchases.• When a purchase is not a whole dollar amount, any f
raction equal to or greater than $0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole d
ollar and any fraction equal to or less than $0.49 will be rounded down to the n
earest whole dollar to calculate Points earned. For example, if you make a purch
ase in the amount of $49.49, 49 Points will be awarded, but if the transaction a
mount is $49.50, 50 Points will be awarded.• Balance Transfers, Cash Advances (i
ncluding Cash Equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of yo
ur Card or Account number to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign cur
rency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges, and unauthorized/fraudulent 
transactions do not earn Points.• Any Points awarded on purchases that are subse
quently returned will be deducted from your total, and your Points balance will 
be adjusted accordingly.• There is no limit to the total Points you can earn as 
long as the Program continues and the Account is open, active and in good standi
ng.• Barclaycard reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to disqualify any c
ardmember from participating in the Program and to forfeit any or all Points ear
ned for abuse, fraud, or any violation of the Program Rules.Bonus PointsAfter us
ing your Holland America Line Rewards Visa Card to make an initial Purchase or B
alance Transfer, you will be eligible to receive a one time bonus award of five 
thousand (5,000) Holland America Points. Bonus Points will be posted at the clos
e of your first billing statement after an initial qualifying Purchase or Balanc
e Transfer is made.Cardmembers will earn one (1) Holland America Point for every
 one U.S. dollar ($1.00) in Balance Transfers that post to your new Account, in 
the first thirty (30) days after your new Account is opened up to a maximum of f
ive thousand (5,000) Holland America Points. Use of Convenience Checks will not 
qualify for Holland America Points.Redeeming PointsStatement Credits• You may re
deem Points for statement credits toward eligible purchases made using your Card
. The redemption can be made online at BarclaycardUS.com or by calling the numbe
r on the back of your Card.• You may redeem Points for statement credits toward 
Holland America Line, Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Cruises, Cunard Line, Princes
s Cruises, The Yachts of Seabourn, P&amp;O Cruises, P&amp;O Cruises Australia, I
bero, and Aida or an airline purchase that is equal to or greater than $50 and t
hat posted to the Account within the prior 180 days.• Airline Purchases must be 
submitted by merchants using the merchant category codes for purchases in these 
categories to qualify for redemption. Airlines: Airline purchases are defined a
s air carriers, airlines, airports, airport terminals and flying fields as ident
ified by the merchant category codes.• The amount of Points needed to redeem wil
l vary by transaction.• Redemptions start at 5,000 Points for a $50 statement cr
edit toward an eligible Holland America Line cruise purchase. Statement credit r
edemption value toward Holland America Line purchases will vary based on the amo
unt of the Holland America Line Purchase as follows:Holland America Line Purchas
e Amount ($50 or greater) within the past 180 days:• $50 - $499.99 will receive 
a statement credit redemption value of 1.00%• $500.00 - $1499.99 will receive a 
statement credit redemption value of 1.25%• $1500.00 - $2000.00 will receive a s
tatement credit redemption value of 1.5%• $2001.00 - $4000.99 will receive a sta
tement credit redemption value of 2.00%• $4001.00 and up will receive a statemen
t credit redemption value of 2.50%• The statement credit redemption value for ai
rline purchases and World’s Leading Cruise Line Cruises will be 1%.• If you do n
ot have enough points available to redeem for the full transaction, you will onl
y be able to redeem within pre-determined increments as follows: $50.00 stateme
nt credit increments between $50.00 and $5,000.00• The statement credit will app
ear on your Account within one billing cycle after the Points are redeemed. Ther
e is no maximum to the number of Points that may be redeemed in any billing cycl
e.• Barclaycard and Holland America are not responsible for unauthorized redempt
ions on your Account.Onboard Amenities• Cardmembers may redeem Points for onboar
d amenities and packages to be delivered onboard the ship during your cruise and
 are only available inconjunction with an applicable cruise vacation. In the eve
nt that an item is unavailable or temporarily out of stock, the item may be subs
tituted at the discretion of Holland America. Onboard gift vouchers may not be r
edeemed for onboard credit and have no cash value. Orders for onboard amenities 
will be accepted up to 15 days prior to your cruise departure date.Travel Redemp
tions• You may redeem Points for airfare, hotel and car rentals when you book us
ing Loyalty Edge on BarclaycardUS.com or by calling the customer service number 
on the back of your Card. Cardmembers may redeem Points for a scheduled ticket o
n a participating major airline carrier, provided that the fares and schedules a
re found on, and the ability to generate a ticket (electronic or paper) is possi
ble through, the Global Distribution System (GDS). GDS provides the same flights
 and fares available to travel agencies, but lower fares may be available elsewh
ere, e.g. from charters, wholesalers, consolidators and any Internet fares that 
are not published and/or available through GDS.• Air, hotel and/or car rental ra
tes are only guaranteed at the time your booking is made. Redemption cost includ
es all applicable taxes and fees at the time of booking.• A valid email address 
is required for Points redemptions. A confirmation of your booking will be provi
ded to you via email and will be sent to the email address you provided in the “
Traveler Information” section during checkout. That email will contain all relev
ant itinerary information as well as how to obtain your flight ticket from your 
airline carrier. Contact information will also be provided should you require ad
ditional support.• Points redemptions can be made with a combination of Points a
nd a purchase using a major credit or debit card, as long as you have at least t
he 10,000 minimum Points required for the redemption. The transaction descriptio
n that will show on your credit or debit card statement for any redemption purch
ases will be “Rewards Redemption Center”.• All bookings are final and non-refund
able. Cardmembers who wish to cancel a booking will forfeit their Points redeeme
d for that booking and may incur additional supplier fees.• If changes or modifi
cations are made to a booking, the following will apply:- A fee of $35 USD will 
apply, plus any applicable supplier fees, and will cause forfeiture of your rede
emed Points for the original booking.- Whether or not a transfer of your Points 
from the original booking to the new booking will be allowed will be at the disc
retion of the airline, hotel or car rental provider.- If your Points can be tran
sferred, the original booking will be canceled with the applicable fees and your
 Points and/or payments will be applied towards the new reservation.• Barclaycar
d is not responsible for communication of airline schedule changes or any other 
changes made by the airline. Flight reservations should be reconfirmed by the pr
imary cardmember or designated traveler at least 72 hours prior to departure. Al
l reservations are subject to the conditions of carriage, supply or business of 
the service provider, which include exclusions and limitations of liability. The
 primary cardmember or designated traveler is responsible for obtaining a valid 
government-issued photo ID and the appropriate international travel documentatio
n such as passports and visas.• Barclaycard is not responsible for the performan
ce of any airline.Gift Cards/Certificates and Merchandise Redemptions• The selec
tion of gift cards and merchandise items and the number of Points needed to rede
em them may change at any time and are subject to availability.• You may redeem 
Points for gift cards, gift certificates and merchandise shipped to addresses in
 the 50 United States, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Items cannot be shipp
ed internationally or to P.O., A.P.O., F.P.O. boxes, or Guam.  Certain items may
 have shipping restrictions outside of the 48 contiguous United States and the D
istrict of Columbia and these restrictions will be noted in the terms &amp; cond
itions for that item.• You may choose to have merchandise or gift cards delivere
d to an address other than your billing address by updating the shipping informa
tion during the check-out process, but addresses cannot be changed after an orde
r has been submitted. You can also choose to have email confirmation of your red
emptions delivered to an email address other than the one on file at Barclaycard
 by updating this information in the check-out process. Changing address or emai
l address as part of the check-out process will not change the information on fi
le at Barclaycard; it will only be used for that order.• Certain items may have 
shipping restrictions outside of the 48 contiguous United States and the Distric
t of Columbia.• Certain items may be eligible for expedited shipping. Expedited 
shipping fees cannot be paid with Points and must be paid with a major credit or
 debit card. The transaction description that will show on your credit or debit 
card statement for these fees will be “Rewards Redemption Center”.• Items ordere
d at the same time may arrive separately.• Items paid for by redeeming gift card
s/ e-certificates will be subject to sales tax as provided by the applicable law
 of the jurisdiction in which the purchase is made.• All rewards are subject to 
product availability. We reserve the right to substitute items of equal or great
er value. We will ship the model pictured or the most current comparable model a
vailable. Items shown are the latest models available at the time of placing you
r order.• Terms of gift card and/or e-certificate redemptions are subject to the
 rules of the merchant, which rules can be viewed online. Each merchant/provider
 has the right to place restrictions on the use of its gift cards or e-certifica
tes.  Gift cards or e-certificates are not exchangeable, refundable, transferabl
e or redeemable for cash, cannot be replaced if lost or stolen and are void wher
e prohibited.• Gift cards/e-certificates must be presented to the participating 
merchant for redemption, use, and the delivery of goods and services. Items paid
 for by redeeming gift cards/ e-certificates will be subject to sales tax as pro
vided by the applicable law of the jurisdiction in which the purchase is made. S
ales tax, if applicable, will be a charge against the value of the gift cards or
 e-certificates or will require a separate supplemental payment.• Tickets are no
ntransferable and do not include activities/events separately priced. Tickets wi
ll be mailed and arrive within 10 business days of your redemption. Water parks 
are subject to seasonal or weather closures. Age restrictions may apply for acce
ss to certain facilities. Please see the terms and conditions of your specific i
tem online for full details.• Purchase protection or extended warranty coverage 
associated with your Account is not applicable to rewards. The manufacturers’ wa
rranties, if any, apply to items offered. Please check product terms and conditi
ons online for additional product information.• Velvet Glove Delivery: Velvet Gl
ove delivery is available on select products. A daytime phone number must be pro
vided for orders that require Velvet Glove delivery. You will be contacted by th
e carrier to schedule an appointment for delivery. The Velvet Glove crew will de
liver the product to your shipping address, bring it into the premises, unpack i
t in the room of your choice (access permitting) and remove all packaging materi
als. They will not install or set up the product. Please be sure to inspect all 
items delivered by the Velvet Glove team before signing for such items. Should y
ou find an issue with the merchandise, you should refuse the delivery, ask the c
arrier to re-package and remove the item from your premises, and contact the Cus
tomer Service number on the back of your Card. Once you accept delivery, no refu
nds, exchanges, or replacements will be allowed. For Velvet Glove delivery of la
rger items, shipment may require 4 to 6 weeks.Merchandise Return Policy• Items a
re nonrefundable and nonreturnable.• Mail Delivery: If the items you received ar
e damaged or defective, you must contact the Customer Service number on the back
 of your card immediately and items must be returned within 30 days of delivery.
 No exchanges or returns are accepted after 30 days. Products must be in their o
riginal packaging. All parts must be included in package before credit will be i
ssued or a replacement of the damaged or defective items will be shipped.Importa
nt Information about Points• Points information will be included on your monthly
 periodic billing statement.• As long as your Account remains open, active, and 
in good standing, your Points will not expire.• All Points earned by the primary
 cardmember and any Authorized User(s) will be added to the primary cardmember’s
 Points balance.• You have no property rights or other legal interest in Points 
and have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed.• Poin
ts may not be transferred or assigned.• The Program will be adjusted accordingly
 as the merchant network evolves. If you are not credited for earned Points or o
ther benefits, once identified, the earned Points or other benefits will be cred
ited.• In the event of any abusive, gaming, or fraudulent activity related to th
e Program, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to m
ake corresponding Points adjustments to your Account and/or to cancel your Accou
nt at any time.• The Program is subject to all applicable laws and regulations. 
The sale or barter of any Points or items received through redemption as part of
 the Program, other than by us, is expressly prohibited.• You are solely respons
ible for any taxes that may be owed as a result of Points earned and/or redeemed
. Please consult your tax advisor if you have tax questions about the Program. B
arclaycard does not provide tax advice.Points RestrictionsYou may not earn or re
deem Points during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:• You fai
l to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date.• Your Account becomes
 delinquent.• Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreeme
nt with us. (You fail to keep your Account in good standing.)• You, or any Autho
rized User on the Account, engage in fraudulent activity on this Account.• You, 
or any Authorized User on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through th
e use of the Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gamin
g conduct under the Program, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Points F
orfeitureYou may forfeit your Points if any of the following occur:• Your Accoun
t becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclaycard in its sole discret
ion.• You or we close your Account for any reason.• Your Account is otherwise in
 default under your Cardmember Agreement with us. (You fail to keep your Account
 in good standing.)• You, or any Authorized User on the Account, engage in fraud
ulent activity on this Account.• You, or any Authorized User on the Account, eng
age in any illegal activity through the use of the Program or engage in activity
 that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct under the Program, as determined
 by us in our sole discretion.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participatin
g in the Program and accepting and using Points earned through the Program, you 
(on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from t
he Program) release, discharge, and hold harmless Barclaycard and its respective
 parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, 
officers, directors, successors, and assignees from all claims, damages, or liab
ility including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of pa
rticipation in the Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in conne
ction with the Program. Barclaycard is not responsible for unauthorized redempti
ons on your Account. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement over i
ssuance or redemption of Points or your right to possess Points or make redempti
ons.Important General Program DisclosuresWe may, at our sole discretion, cancel,
 modify, restrict, or terminate the Program or any aspects or features of the Pr
ogram at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of Program Rules sha
ll be at our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply. All trademarks 
and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not responsible for 
typographical errors or omissions in this document. Points cannot be combined wi
th other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us.We res
erve the right to correct inaccurate rewards values represented on statements or
 our website, at our sole discretion.Customer ServiceIf you have any questions a
bout the Program, please contact the customer service phone number on the back o
f your Card.The Holland America Line Family of Marks including Holland America L
ine, the Holland America Line logo, Holland America Line Cruises and Holland Ame
rica Line Rewards are registered service marks or trademarks of Holland America 
Line Cruise Lines, Ltd., its affiliates or its licensor. All rights reserved.©20
17 Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), P.O. Box 8801, Wilmington, DE 19801, Me
mber FDIC.                         