Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

16.24% or 27.24% based on your credit worthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers

0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles following each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.
After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account opening) your APR will be 16.24% or 27.24% based on your credit worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

27.49%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases

Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

Minimum Interest Charge

If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

 
Fees
Annual Fee

$0

Transaction Fees:

 

Balance Transfer

Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Cash Advance

Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction

3% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.

Penalty Fees:

 

Late Payment

Up to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

Returned Payment

Up to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

 
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)".
 
Terms and Conditions Continued:
Important Information about the Barnes and Noble Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.
Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).
Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  
++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.
About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations, we may be unable to open an account for you. Please review the materials provided with your card for details.    
About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. 
About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 10.74% or 21.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 12/31/2018 using a Prime Rate of 5.5%.

Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.
Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.
Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.
Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this introductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your account each month.
Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.
Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. 
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.
About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated, and is used by us pursuant to a license. 
Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.
The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 12/31/2018 and may change after this date.
Information Sharing:Barclaycard's Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I agree that Barclaycard and Barnes & Noble may share information about me and my account to the extent needed to administer the Barnes & Noble Mastercard Program in conjunction with the Barnes & Noble Reward Program.
BARNES & NOBLE MASTERCARD® REWARD RULES
This document contains the official Reward Rules for the Barnes & Noble Mastercard Account ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclaycard", "we", "us", or "our") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Reward Rules") for your Account reward program ("Program"). Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement (“Cardmember Agreement”). "You", "your" or "primary cardmember" means the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.
The Privacy Policy for Barclaycard is available online at BarclaycardUS.com. You agree that Barclaycard and Barnes & Noble Entities will share information to the extent needed to administer the Program.
Reward Rules AdministrationTo maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program through use of the Account:
You must maintain an open Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (in “Good Standing”). See sections titled “Points Restrictions” and “Points Forfeiture” for more details.Your Account cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 6 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments and no purchases and/or transactions.You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Account only for personal, family or household expenses.Earning PointsYou earn points and rebates for purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user of the Account as follows:
You earn a 5% rebate, reflected as a credit on your Account statement, on Net Purchases made using the Account at any Barnes & Noble, B. Dalton, Bookstop, Bookstar, Doubleday, Ink Newstand and Charlesbank stores (“Barnes & Noble Stores”) or online at bn.com.You earn 2 points for every $1.00 spent on restaurant Net Purchases (excluding Barnes & Noble Café purchases). Purchases must be submitted by merchant category codes for Restaurants and Fast Food Restaurants to qualify for the 2 points.You earn 1 points for every $1.00 spent on all other Net Purchases (excluding Barnes & Noble purchases).Purchases must be submitted by merchants using the merchant category codes for purchases in the specified categories to qualify for the additional points. Barclaycard and Barnes & Noble are not responsible for incorrectly coded purchases. Additional points may not be earned if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet to pay for the purchase. Additionally, purchases and/or transactions made through third parties, including online marketplaces and resellers, or using third-party payment account will not earn additional points.Balance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases do not earn points except as permitted.When a purchase is not a whole dollar amount, any amount that is equal to or greater than $0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar and any amount that is equal to or less than $0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole dollar to calculate your points earned. For example, if you make a purchase in the amount of $25.50, you will be awarded 26 points, but if the purchase amount is $25.49, you will be awarded 25 points.Bonus Gift CardsYou will receive a one-time $25 Barnes & Noble Gift Card upon first use of the Account for a Net Purchase or balance transfer.  There is a fee for balance transfers. Please allow up to 4 weeks for delivery of the gift card. The delivery will be made to the U.S. street address of record with Barclaycard.
From time to time, we may offer bonuses of points or other incentives to new Barnes & Noble Mastercard cardmembers in connection with an application for a new account. These bonuses and /or incentives are intended for persons who are not and have not previously been Barnes & Noble Mastercard cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new Barnes & Noble Mastercard account after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current or former Barnes & Noble Mastercard cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or reduce your points by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Account for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.
Redeeming Points
After you accumulate 2,500 points, you will automatically receive a $25 Barnes & Noble Gift Card.Gift cards will be mailed to the U.S. street address of record with Barclaycard within 7 to 14 business days after your billing statement for the period in which you have earned 2,500 points.You may choose to receive your gift card faster by selecting to have your gift card sent digitally to your email address of record with Barclaycard. Select your delivery method by selecting Update your preferences from the Rewards & Benefits menu online or by contacting the Customer Service number on the back of your card.Gift cards do not expire once awarded.Gift cards cannot be replaced if lost or stolen.Gift cards are valid within the United States only.All redemptions are final. Points and earned gift cards can’t be returned, refunded, exchanged or credited, unless otherwise specified.Rebates
Rebates will be reflected as a credit on your billing statement.The credit will appear on the same billing statement as the charge for the related eligible purchases.Credits reduce your Account balance but are not applied toward any minimum payment requirement and are otherwise subject to the terms and conditions applicable to your Account.Important Information about Points and Rebates
As long as the Program continues and the Account is open, active and in Good Standing, there is no limit to the total rebates or points you can earn and your points will not expire.In the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Account or violation of the Reward Rules, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding adjustments to or invalidate points or rebates accrued in the Program through use of the Account, to disqualify you from participating in the Program through use of the Account, and/or to close your Account at any time. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.When your Account is closed, if you have enough points for a gift card, it will be automatically be sent to you based on your delivery preferences, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure.All points earned by the primary cardmember and any authorized user will be added to the primary cardmember’s points balance.If you do not receive credit for earned points, please contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card.You have no property rights or other legal interest in points. Point amounts have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed.Points may not be transferred or assigned.The Program is subject to all applicable laws and regulations.You are solely responsible for any taxes that may be owed as a result of points earned and/or redeemed. Please consult your tax advisor if you have tax questions about the Program. Barclaycard does not provide tax advice.You can view your current points balance at BarclaycardUS.com and a summary of your points on your monthly Account billing statement.12 Months of Barnes & Noble MembershipAs the primary cardmember, you are eligible to earn 12 months of Barnes & Noble Membership in your name, provided that $7,500 or more in eligible Net Purchases are made on the Account during each 12 month period through and including your Account anniversary date (“Cardmembership Year”). The following do not count towards the $7,500 purchase spend requirement: balance transfers, cash advances, quasi-cash transactions (transactions in highly liquid assets, e.g., assets that are directly convertible to cash such as, but not limited to, money orders, travelers checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), purchases made by or for a business or for a business purpose, fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent transactions.
Barnes & Noble will send you a notification once you have earned this Barnes & Noble Membership benefit, which will outline your membership details. If you do not receive this notification within 2-3 weeks, please contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your card.If you already have a Barnes & Noble Membership at the time you earn this benefit, Barnes & Noble will add an additional 12 months to your existing membership, which will extend the date when your next Barnes & Noble Membership fee will be due.If you do not have an existing Barnes & Noble Membership, you will receive an invitation from Barnes & Noble to create a Membership account in order to receive the 12 months of Barnes & Noble Membership you earned.The 12 month Barnes & Noble Membership benefit will not be applied retroactively and a credit will not be provided for any Barnes & Noble Membership fees that you may have previously paid.Point RestrictionsYou may not earn or redeem points through use of the Account during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but it not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date.Your Account becomes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.Points ForfeiturePoints earned through use of the Account may be forfeited if any of the following occur:
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclaycard in its sole discretion.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.When your Account is closed, if you have enough points for a gift card, it will be automatically be sent to you based on your delivery preferences, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program and accepting and using points earned through the Program, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclaycard,  Barnes & Noble Inc., Barnesandnoble.com llc and  their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of points or items received through redemptions or a cardmember’s right to possess points. Information relating to any additional cards issued under your Account may be shared with the Barnes & Noble Entities. The Barnes & Noble Entities may use this information to send you select marketing and partner offers in accordance with the Barnes & Noble privacy policy (the “Barnes & Noble Privacy Policy”).
Important General Program DisclosuresBarclaycard reserves the right to correct inaccurate points values represented on statements, our website and/or our mobile app, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict or terminate the Program or any aspects or features of the Program at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be at our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply. All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials. Points cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us.
Customer ServiceIf you have any questions about the Program, please contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your card.     
©2018 Barclays Bank Delaware, member FDIC
 
BN1_BN06_ 9.11.17
     

