                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases15.49%, 20.49% or 25.49%, based on your credit
 worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for B
alance Transfers0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles followi
ng each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account op
ening.After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of 
account opening) your APR will be 15.49%, 20.49%, or 25.49% based on your credit
 worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for 
Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Ho
w to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after t
he close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if 
you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf
 you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card 
Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to
 consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Con
sumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. F
eesAnnual Fee$0Transaction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount o
f each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount
 of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction0% of each transa
ction in U.S. dollars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee
 varies by state, see below) Returned PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee va
ries by state, see below) How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method ca
lled "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at
 the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (
including new purchases)". Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information 
about the Carnival Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review
 the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned
), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before app
lying.Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for reside
nts of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 
for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).Agreement: The use of any acco
unt opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will 
be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees,
 and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with t
he account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  ++Your Telepho
ne Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply o
r anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact
 you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use
 an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard te
xt messaging and/or calling charges may apply.About This Offer: You must be at l
east 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residen
ts of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territorie
s,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an account with us.
 If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteri
a previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficien
t based on your current obligations, we may be unable to open an account for you
. Please review the materials provided with your card for details.    About Your
 Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in conn
ection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for y
ou, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our cred
it experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any 
credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. About the Variable APR
s on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street J
ournal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase 
and balance transfer APR, we add either 10.74%, 15.74% or 20.74% to the Prime Ra
te based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to th
e Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted abov
e are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rate of 4.75%.Important Information
 About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the fu
nding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all fin
ancial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies ea
ch person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an ac
count, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security
 number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also a
sk to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenshi
p.Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please e
nter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express,
 or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. I
f the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new acco
unt, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your credito
r(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the 
amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right t
o decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a reque
st to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance tr
ansfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the am
ount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your disp
ute rights.Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balan
ce transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day a
fter we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel y
our balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A 
balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue
 to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as
 a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account
 that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, plea
se call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approv
ed. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer 
requests at any time and for any reason.Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will 
not charge you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire balance by the d
ue date each month. In addition, during this introductory period we will not cha
rge you interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each month your outstan
ding statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balanc
es. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your
 account each month.Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a speci
fic credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with 
an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the c
redit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance t
ransfer request.Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travele
rs' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers an
d other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardm
ember Agreement for details.New York Residents: New York residents may contact t
he New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, 
or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit
 card rates, fees and grace periods. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws aga
inst discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to 
all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate
 credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commis
sion administers compliance with this law.Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents:
 No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisco
nsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before yo
ur account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree o
r we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to giv
e notice of this account to your spouse.About Us and This Credit Card Program: T
his credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Ba
rclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in response to this ap
plication shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Mastercard is 
a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated, and is used by 
us pursuant to a license. Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account y
our card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened i
f your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the
 request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delive
ry will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you ad
ded an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot
 be expressed delivered.The information contained in these disclosures is accura
te as of 03/30/2018 and may change after this date.Information Sharing:Barclays'
 Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I agree that Carni
val and Barclays may share information about me and my account to the extent nec
essary to administer the Carnival FunPoints Program in conjunction with the Carn
ival World Mastercard. CARNIVAL™ MASTERCARD® REWARD RULESThis document contains 
the official Reward Rules for the Carnival Mastercard Account ("Account") issued
 by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclaycard," "we," "us," or "our") and includes im
portant conditions and limitations ("Reward Rules") for your Account Rewards pro
gram ("Program"). Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the
 terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement (“Cardmember Ag
reement”). "You," "your" or "primary cardmember" means the person who applied fo
r the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the mean
ing ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.The Privacy Policy for Barclayc
ard is available online at BarclaycardUS.com. You agree that Barclaycard and Car
nival will share information to the extent needed to administer the Program.Rewa
rd Rules AdministrationThe Program and Reward Rules are administered by Barclayc
ard located in Wilmington, DE. We reserve the right to modify, amend or terminat
e the Reward Rules and the Program at any time with or without notice. You can r
eview current Reward Rules any time by logging in to your Account at Barclaycard
US.com.Gift card/certificates, merchandise, travel redemptions and onboard ameni
ties are administered by LoyaltyEdge LLC, (“Loyalty Edge”) an independent compan
y not affiliated with Barclaycard or Carnival. Loyalty Edge Terms and Conditions
 (“Rewards Terms &amp; Conditions”) specific to the aforementioned redemptions a
re available at BarclaycardUS.com on the Shop page.To maintain your eligibility 
for participation in the Program through use of the Account:• You must maintain 
an open Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (
in “Good Standing”). See sections titled “FunPoints Restrictions” and “FunPoints
 Forfeiture” for more details.• Your Account cannot have been inactive for 6 bil
ling cycles in a row (representing approximately 6 months). “Inactive” means you
 have no balance, no payments and no purchases and/or transactions.• You must be
 an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participa
te) and use the Account only for personal, family or household expenses.Earning 
FunPoints®• You earn FunPoints for purchases less credits, returns and adjustmen
ts (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user of the Account as fo
llows:• You earn 2 FunPoints for every $1.00 spent on Carnival Cruise vacation a
nd Carnival Vacation Club purchases.• You earn 2 FunPoints for every $1.00 spent
 on any purchases charged to the Sail and Sign® account onboard any Carnival cru
ise ship.• You earn 2 FunPoints for every $1.00 spent on any purchases with bran
ds of the World’s Leading Cruise Line. (Costa, P&amp;O Australia, P&amp;O Cruise
s, Princess Cruises, Holland America Line, Aida, Cunard, Seabourn, Fathom). Bran
ds are subject to change. For a complete list, please visit worldsleadingcruisel
ines.com.• You earn 1 FunPoint for every $1.00 spent on all other Net Purchases.
• Balance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such 
as, but not limited to, the use of your Account to obtain money orders, traveler
’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges and una
uthorized/fraudulent purchases do not earn FunPoints except as permitted.• When 
a purchase and/or transaction is not a whole dollar amount, any amount that is e
qual to or greater than $0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar and
 any amount that is equal to or less than $0.49 will be rounded down to the near
est whole dollar to calculate your FunPoints earned. For example, if you make a 
purchase and/or transaction in the amount of $25.50, you will be awarded 26 FunP
oints, but if the purchase and/or transaction amount is $25.49, you will be awar
ded 25 FunPoints.• There is no limit to the total FunPoints you can earn as long
 as the Program continues and the Account is in Good Standing.From time to time,
 we may offer bonuses of FunPoints or other incentives to new Carnival Mastercar
d cardmembers in connection with an application for a new account. These bonuses
 and/or incentives are intended for persons who are not and have not previously 
been Carnival Mastercard cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no l
onger be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new Car
nival Mastercard account after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or
 incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current or for
mer Carnival Mastercard cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or red
uce your FunPoints by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Accou
nt for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.Bonus Fu
nPoints• You will receive a one-time 10,000 FunPoints bonus after your first pur
chase or balance transfer posts to this Account. The bonus will be reflected on 
the billing statement in which you have qualified to earn the bonus.• You will e
arn 1 FunPoint per $1.00 in balances transferred to Carnival Rewards Mastercard 
after the Account is opened in the first 30 days, up to a maximum 5,000 FunPoint
s.From time to time, we may offer bonuses of FunPoints or other incentives to ne
w Carnival Mastercard cardmembers in connection with an application for a new ac
count. These bonuses and/or incentives are intended for persons who are not and 
have not previously been Carnival Mastercard cardmembers. You understand and agr
ee that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in conne
ction with a new Carnival Mastercard account after this Account is opened. If yo
u receive a bonus or incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status
 as a current or former Carnival Mastercard cardmember, we may revoke the bonus 
or incentive, or reduce your FunPoints by the amount of the bonus or incentive, 
or charge your Account for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole
 discretion.Redeeming FunPoints• The primary cardmember can redeem FunPoints, ei
ther by phone or by logging in to their Account online. Any authorized user on t
he Account is able to redeem FunPoints by phone.• To redeem, visit BarclaycardUS
.com or call the number on the back of your card.• Barclaycard is not responsibl
e for unauthorized redemptions on your Account.• All redemptions are final. FunP
oints can’t be returned, refunded, exchanged or credited, unless otherwise speci
fied.Statement Credits• You may redeem FunPoints for statement credits toward el
igible purchases made using your Carnival Mastercard.• Eligible purchases that y
ou may redeem FunPoints for statement credits include: Carnival Cruise Lines, Co
sta, P&amp;O Australia, P&amp;O Cruises, Princess Cruises, Holland America Line,
 Aida, Cunard, Seabourn, Fathom or an airline or hotel purchase that is equal to
 or greater than $50 and that posted to the Account within the prior 180 days.• 
Airline and Hotel purchases must be submitted by merchants using the merchant ca
tegory codes for purchases in these categories to qualify for statement credit r
edemption.      – Airlines: Airline purchases are defined as air carriers, airli
nes, airports, airport terminals and flying fields as identified by the merchant
 category codes.      – Hotels: Hotel purchases are defined as lodging-hotels, m
otels, and resorts as identified by merchant category code.• The amount of FunPo
ints needed to redeem will vary by transaction.• Redemptions start at 5,000 FunP
oints for a $50 statement credit toward an eligible Carnival Cruise Line purchas
e in the last 180 days. Statement credit redemption value toward Carnival Cruise
 Lines purchases will vary based on the amount of the Carnival Cruise Line Purch
ase as follows:      – $50.00 increments between $50.00 and $1,499.99 for a rede
mption value of 1%, and      – $50.00 increments between $1,500.00 and $5,000.00
 for a redemption value of 1.50%• The statement credit redemption value for Worl
d’s Leading Cruise Line Cruises will be 1%.• The statement credit redemption val
ue for airline and hotel purchases will be .90%• If you do not have enough FunPo
ints available to redeem for the full purchase amount, you will only be able to 
redeem within pre-determined statement credit increments as follows:      – $50.
00 statement credit increments between $50.00 and $5,000.00• If you redeem your 
FunPoints for a statement credit, the credit will be posted to your Account with
in 1-2 business days and will appear on your Account billing statement within 1 
billing cycle. There is no maximum to the number of FunPoints that may be redeem
ed in any billing cycle.• Statement credits reduce your Account balance but cann
ot be applied toward any minimum payment requirement and are otherwise subject t
o the terms and conditions applicable to your Account.Onboard Amenities• You may
 redeem FunPoints for onboard amenities and packages to be delivered onboard the
 ship during your cruise and are only available in conjunction with an applicabl
e cruise vacation. In the event that an item is unavailable or temporarily out o
f stock, the item may be substituted at Carnival’s discretion. An onboard gift v
oucher may not be redeemed for onboard credit and has no cash value. Orders for 
onboard amenities will be accepted up to 15 days prior to your cruise departure 
date.Gift Card/Certificate Redemptions• Redemptions for gift cards start at 3,30
0 FunPoints for $25.• The selection of gift cards are subject to availability an
d the number of FunPoints needed to redeem for them may change at any time.• Ter
ms of gift cards and/or certificate redemptions are subject to the rules of the 
merchant and may be viewed online at BarclaycardUS.com at the time of redemption
. Each merchant/provider has the right to place restrictions on the use of its g
ift cards or gift certificates. Gift cards or gift certificates are not exchange
able, refundable, transferable or redeemable for cash, cannot be replaced if los
t or stolen and are void where prohibited.• Additional terms and restrictions ap
ply. For complete details, you can review the Rewards Terms &amp; Conditions at 
BarclaycardUS.com on the Shop page.Merchandise Redemptions• The selection of mer
chandise items are subject to availability and the number of FunPoints needed to
 redeem them may change at any time.• Any purchase, price and return protection 
and extended warranty coverage associated with your Account are not applicable t
o rewards. The manufacturer’s warranty, if any, applies to items offered. Please
 check product terms and conditions online at BarclaycardUS.com at the time of r
edemption for additional product information details.• Velvet Glove delivery is 
available on select products. Additional details are available online at Barclay
cardUS.com at the time of redemption.• Additional terms and restrictions apply. 
For complete details, you can review the Rewards Terms &amp; Conditions at Barcl
aycardUS.com on the Shop page.Merchandise Return Policy• Merchandise is nonrefun
dable and nonreturnable.• Mail Delivery: If the merchandise you received is dama
ged or defective, you must contact the customer service number on the back of yo
ur card immediately and the merchandise must be returned within 30 days of deliv
ery. No exchanges or returns are accepted after 30 days. Products must be in the
ir original packaging. All parts must be included in the package before credit w
ill be issued or a replacement of the damaged or defective merchandise will be s
hipped.• Velvet Glove Delivery: Should you find an issue with the merchandise, y
ou should refuse the delivery, ask the carrier to re-package and remove the merc
handise from your premises, and contact the customer service number on the back 
of your card. Once you accept delivery, no refunds, exchanges, or replacements w
ill be allowed.Travel Redemptions• You may redeem FunPoints for airfare, hotel a
nd car rentals when you book through Loyalty Edge on BarclaycardUS.com or by cal
ling the customer service number on the back of your card. All air travel must b
e booked through Loyalty Edge. No other travel agency may be used for these offe
rs. You may redeem FunPoints for a scheduled ticket on a participating major air
line carrier, provided that the fares and schedules are found on, and the abilit
y to generate a ticket (electronic or paper) is possible through the Global Dist
ribution System (GDS). GDS provides the same flights and fares available to trav
el agencies, but lower fares may be available elsewhere, e.g. from charters, who
lesalers, consolidators and any Internet fares that are not published and/or ava
ilable through GDS.• Redemptions start at 10,000 FunPoints toward an airline tic
ket, hotel or car rental.• All bookings are final and non-refundable. If you wis
h to cancel a booking, you will forfeit your FunPoints redeemed for that booking
 and may incur additional supplier fees.• Barclaycard, Carnival and Loyalty Edge
 are not responsible for the performance of any airline, communication of airlin
e schedule changes or any other changes made by the airline. Airline reservation
s should be reconfirmed by the primary cardmember or designated traveler at leas
t 72 hours prior to departure. All reservations are subject to the conditions of
 carriage, supply or business of the service provider, which include exclusions 
and limitations of liability. The primary cardmember or designated traveler is r
esponsible for obtaining a valid government-issued photo ID and the appropriate 
international travel documentation such as passports and visas.• There are no re
strictions or blackout dates for eligible or participating airfare reward redemp
tions available on GDS.• For complete details, you can review the Rewards Terms 
&amp; Conditions at BarclaycardUS.com on the Travel page.10% reFUNdWhen you use 
Your Account to purchase a Carnival shore excursion on Carnival.com prior to you
r cruise, you will receive a 10% discount on the shore excursion package (taxes 
and fees are not included in the discount). This discount will appear on the sam
e billing statement as the shore excursion package purchase. Shore excursions ma
y be booked online prior to sailing up until the Pre-Sail cut-off time of 11:30p
m ET, the evening prior to the cruise departure. The statement credit will be po
sted to your Account within 1-2 business days and will appear on your Account bi
lling statement within 1 billing cycle.Important Information about FunPoints• As
 long as the Program continues and the Account is open, active and in Good Stand
ing, there is no limit to the total FunPoints you can earn and your FunPoints wi
ll not expire.• In the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity relat
ed to the Account or violation of the Reward Rules, as determined by us in our s
ole discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding adjustments to or inv
alidate FunPoints accrued in the Program through use of the Account, to disquali
fy you from participating in the Program through use of the Account, and/or to c
lose your Account at any time. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limi
ted to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner tha
t is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card a
ccount applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.• You w
ill have 60 days from the Account closure date to redeem any outstanding FunPoin
ts, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or 
violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure.• Al
l FunPoints earned by the primary cardmember and any authorized user will be add
ed to the primary cardmember’s FunPoints balance.• If you do not receive credit 
for earned FunPoints, please contact the Customer Service number on the back of 
your card.• You have no property rights or other legal interest in FunPoints. Fu
nPoints amounts have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully red
eemed.• FunPoints may not be transferred or assigned.• The Program is subject to
 all applicable laws and regulations.• You are solely responsible for any taxes 
that may be owed as a result of FunPoints earned and/or redeemed. Please consult
 your tax advisor if you have tax questions about the Program. Barclaycard does 
not provide tax advice.• You can view your current FunPoints balance at barclayc
ardUS.com and a summary of your FunPoints on your monthly Account billing statem
ent.FunPoints RestrictionsYou may not earn or redeem FunPoints through use of th
e Account during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:• You, or a
ny authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the us
e of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming c
onduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity i
ncludes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards e
arned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or m
ultiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our so
le discretion.• You fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date
.• Your Account becomes delinquent.• Your Account is otherwise in default under 
your Cardmember Agreement with us.FunPoints ForfeitureFunPoints earned through u
se of the Account may be forfeited if any of the following occur:• You, or any a
uthorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of
 your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming condu
ct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity inclu
des, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earne
d in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multi
ple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole d
iscretion.• Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclayc
ard in its sole discretion.• Your Account is otherwise in default under your Car
dmember Agreement with us.• You or we close your Account for any reason. You wil
l have 60 days from the Account closure date to redeem any outstanding FunPoints
, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or vi
olation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure.Limita
tion and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program and accepting and u
sing FunPoints earned through the Program, you (on your behalf and on behalf of 
any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, discharge an
d hold harmless Barclaycard, and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, 
affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors a
nd assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to
, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program or trave
l taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program. Barclaycard
, Carnival, and Loyalty Edge are not responsible for unauthorized redemptions or
 Your Account. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement over issuanc
e of FunPoints on items received through redemptions or a cardmember’s right to 
possess FunPoints or make redemptions.Important General Program DisclosuresBarcl
aycard reserves the right to correct inaccurate FunPoints values represented on 
statements, our website and/or our mobile app, at our sole discretion. We may, a
t our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict or terminate the Program or any 
aspects or features of the Program at any time without prior notice. All interpr
etations of the Reward Rules shall be at our sole discretion. Other significant 
terms may apply. All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective own
ers. We are not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this docume
nt, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials. FunPoints cannot be combine
d with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us.Cu
stomer ServiceIf you have any questions about the Program, please contact the Cu
stomer Service phone number on the back of your card.© 2017 Barclays Bank Delawa
re, member FDIC                        