                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases15.49%, 20.49% or 25.49%, based on your credit
 worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for B
alance Transfers0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles followi
ng each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account op
ening.After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of 
account opening) your APR will be 15.49%, 20.49%, or 25.49% based on your credit
 worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for 
Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Ho
w to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after t
he close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if 
you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf
 you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card 
Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to
 consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Con
sumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. F
eesAnnual Fee$0Transaction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount o
f each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount
 of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction0% of each transa
ction in U.S. dollars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee
 varies by state, see below) Returned PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee va
ries by state, see below) How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method ca
lled "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at
 the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (
including new purchases)". Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information 
about the Princess Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review
 the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned
), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before app
lying.Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for reside
nts of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 
for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).Agreement: The use of any acco
unt opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will 
be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees,
 and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with t
he account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  You agree that
 if you are not approved for a Signature account you may be approved for a Plati
num account.++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s
), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affilia
tes and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other produc
ts or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or
 text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.About Th
is Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to 
applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto 
Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or ha
ve had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet th
e credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income
 you report is insufficient based on your current obligations,    we may be unab
le to open an account for you, or you may receive a Platinum card. Platinum bene
fits differ from Signature benefits. Please review the materials provided with y
our card for details. About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right t
o obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and 
if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that 
we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell
 the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report a
bout you. About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate
 listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. F
or the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 10.74%, 
15.74% or 20.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash 
advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for 
more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rat
e of 4.75%.Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To 
help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activiti
es, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and recor
d information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means 
to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address
, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow u
s to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We al
so ask for country of citizenship.Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To req
uest a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mas
tercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to pr
ocess a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assig
ned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a
 partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new
 account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance trans
fer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance trans
fer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account 
you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date
. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. I
f you do, you may lose your dispute rights.Upon approval of your application we 
will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you 
have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 
day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the num
ber on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post 
to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer
 appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balan
ce transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Expres
s or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new
 credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availabilit
y. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.Avoiding
 Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you 
pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this int
roductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the 
due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introduc
tory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least
 the minimum payment due on your account each month.Credit Limit: We do not perm
it applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request f
or a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular 
credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and p
rior to processing any balance transfer request.Cash Equivalent Purchases: The p
urchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, g
ambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash
 advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.New York Residents: 
New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Servic
es by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free i
nformation on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. Notice to O
hio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors m
ake credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit repo
rting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon reques
t.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.Notice
 to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral state
ment or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affec
t our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the 
agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understan
d that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.About Us
 and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administer
ed by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any accou
nt opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the S
tate of Delaware.  Visa is a registered trademark of VISA USA, Inc. and is used 
by us pursuant to a license.Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account
 your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened
 if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If t
he request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Deli
very will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you 
added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cann
ot be expressed delivered.The information contained in these disclosures is accu
rate as of 03/30/2018 and may change after this date.Information Sharing:Barclay
s' Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I agree that Bar
clays Bank Delaware, Princess, and the Rewards Program administrator, Enhancemen
t Services Corporation ("ESC Loyalty") may share information about me and my acc
ount to the extent needed to administer the Rewards Program.PRINCESS REWARD RULE
SPrincess Rewards™ Program Rules This document contains the official Rewards Pro
gram Rules for the Princess RewardsTM Program (the “Program”) associated with th
e Princess Rewards Visa Card (the “Account” or “Card”) issued by Barclays Bank D
elaware (“Barclaycard”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and includes important conditions a
nd limitations. Please read this document and keep it in a safe place.“You”, “yo
ur” or “primary cardmember” means the person who applied for the Account. Use of
 your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described herein.
 Capitalized terms not defined in these Program Rules have the meaning ascribed 
to them in the Cardmember Agreement.Program AdministrationThe Program is adminis
tered by Barclaycard located in Wilmington, DE. Barclaycard’s Privacy Policy is 
available online at BarclaycardUS.com. Barclaycard and Princess are responsible 
for establishing the terms and conditions of the Program and reserve the right t
o modify, amend, or terminate the Program at any time, with or without notice. G
ift cards/certificates, merchandise and travel redemptions are administered by L
oyalty Edge, Inc. (“Loyalty Edge”) an independent company not affiliated with Ba
rclaycard or Princess.Princess is not a party to the Cardmember Agreement betwee
n you and us, does not participate in any extension of credit, and has no author
ity regarding the Account. Barclaycard is the sole creditor and owner of the Acc
ount. Barclaycard and Princess will share information to the extent needed to ad
minister the Program.To qualify for participation in the Program and to maintain
 your good standing:• You must maintain an open Account that is not in default u
nder your Cardmember Agreement with us.• Your Account cannot have been inactive 
for 7 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 7 months). “Inactive” 
means you have no balance, no payments, and no transactions.• You must be an ind
ividual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and
 use the Account only for personal, family, or household expenses. If you do not
 keep your Account open, active, and in good standing, your enrollment in the Pr
ogram may be cancelled and any unredeemed points may be forfeited.Earning Points
You earn Princess Points (“Points”) for retail purchases less credits, returns, 
and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any Authorized User(s) of t
he Account.You earn Points in the following amounts based upon the types of purc
hase transactions made using your Account:Two (2) Points for every one U.S. doll
ar ($1.00) of Net Purchases from Princess Cruise Lines including online and onbo
ard purchases.One (1) Point per one dollar ($1) spent on all other Net Purchases
.When a purchase is not a whole dollar amount, any fraction equal to or greater 
than $0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar and any fraction equal
 to or less than $0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole dollar to calcu
late Points earned.  For example, if you make a purchase in the amount of $49.49
, 49 Points will be awarded, but if the transaction amount is $49.50, 50 Points 
will be awarded.Balance Transfers, Cash Advances (including Cash Equivalent tran
sactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Card or Account number to 
obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), f
ees, interest charges, and unauthorized/fraudulent transactions do not earn Poin
ts.Any Points awarded on purchases that are subsequently returned will be deduct
ed from your total, and your Points balance will be adjusted accordingly.There i
s no limit to the total Points you can earn as long as the Program continues and
 the Account is open and in good standing.Barclaycard reserves the right, at its
 sole discretion, to disqualify any cardmember from participating in the Program
 and to forfeit any or all Points earned for abuse, fraud, or any violation of t
he Program Rules.Bonus Points- After using your Princess Rewards Visa Card to ma
ke an initial purchase or Balance Transfer, you will be eligible to receive a on
e time bonus award of ten thousand (10,000) Princess Points. Bonus Points will b
e posted at the close of your first billing statement after an initial qualifyin
g purchase or Balance Transfer is made.Cardmembers will earn one (1) Princess Po
int for every one U.S. dollar ($1.00) in Balance Transfers that post to your new
 Account, in the first thirty (30) days after your new Account is opened up to a
 maximum of five thousand (5,000) Princess Points. Use of Convenience Checks wil
l not qualify for Princess Points.Redeeming PointsStatement CreditsYou may redee
m Points for statement credits toward eligible purchases made using your Princes
s RewardsTM Visa Card. The redemption can be made online at BarclaycardUS.com or
 by calling the number on the back of your Card.You may redeem Points for statem
ent credits toward Princess Cruises, Holland America Line, Carnival Cruise Lines
, Costa Cruises, Cunard Line, The Yachts of Seabourn, P&amp;O Cruises, P&amp;O C
ruises Australia, Ibero, and Aida or an airline purchase that is equal to or gre
ater than $50 and that posted to the Account within the prior 180 days.Airline P
urchases must be submitted by merchants using the merchant category codes for pu
rchases in these categories to qualify for redemption.Airlines:  Airline purchas
es are defined as air carriers, airlines, airports, airport terminals and flying
 fields as identified by the merchant category codes. The amount of Points neede
d to redeem will vary by transaction.Redemptions start at 5,000 Points for a $50
 statement credit toward an eligible Princess cruise purchase. Statement credit 
redemption value toward Princess purchases will vary based on the amount of the 
Princess cruise purchase as follows:  Princess Cruise Line Purchase Amount ($50 
or greater) within the past 180 days: $50 - $499.99 will receive a statement cre
dit redemption value of 1.00%$500.00 - $2000.99 will receive a statement credit 
redemption value of 1.25%$2001.00 - $4000.99 will receive a statement credit red
emption value of 1.5%$4001.00 and up will receive a statement credit redemption 
value of 2.00%The statement credit redemption value for airline purchases and Wo
rld’s Leading Cruise Line Cruises will be 1%.If you do not have enough points av
ailable to redeem for the full transaction, you will only be able to redeem with
in pre-determined increments as follows: $50.00 statement credit increments betw
een $50.00 and $5,000.00.The statement credit will appear on your Account within
 one billing cycle after the Points are redeemed. There is no maximum to the num
ber of Points that may be redeemed in any billing cycle. Barclaycard and Princes
s are not responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your Account.Onboard Ameni
tiesCardmembers may redeem Points for onboard amenities and packages to be deliv
ered onboard the ship during the guest’s cruise and are only available in conjun
ction with an applicable cruise vacation. In the event that an item is unavailab
le or temporarily out of stock, the item may be substituted at Princess’s discre
tion. Onboard gift voucher may not be redeemed for onboard credit and has no cas
h value. Orders for onboard amenities will be accepted up to 15 days prior to th
e passenger’s cruise departure date.Travel RedemptionsYou may redeem Points for 
airfare, hotel and car rentals when you book using Loyalty Edge on BarclaycardUS
.com or by calling the customer service number on the back of your Card. Cardmem
bers may redeem Points for a scheduled ticket on a participating major airline c
arrier, provided that the fares and schedules are found on, and the ability to g
enerate a ticket (electronic or paper) is possible through, the Global Distribut
ion System (GDS). GDS provides the same flights and fares available to travel ag
encies, but lower fares may be available elsewhere, e.g. from charters, wholesal
ers, consolidators and any Internet fares that are not published and/or availabl
e through GDS.Air, hotel and/or car rental reward rates are only guaranteed at t
he time your booking is made. Redemption cost includes all applicable taxes and 
fees at the time of booking.A valid email address is required for travel redempt
ions. A confirmation of your booking will be provided to you via email and will 
be sent to the email address you provided in the “Traveler Information” section 
during checkout. That email will contain all relevant itinerary information as w
ell as how to obtain your flight ticket from your airline carrier. Contact infor
mation will also be provided should you require additional support.Travel redemp
tions can be made with a combination of Points and a purchase using a major cred
it or debit card, as long as you have at least the 10,000 minimum Points require
d for the redemption. The transaction description that will show on your credit 
or debit card statement for any travel redemption purchases will be “Rewards Red
emption Center”. All bookings are final and non-refundable. Cardmembers who wish
 to cancel a booking will forfeit their Points redeemed for that booking and may
 incur additional supplier fees.If changes or modifications are made to a bookin
g, the following will apply:     - A fee of $35 USD will apply, plus any applica
ble supplier fees, and may cause forfeiture of your redeemed Points for the orig
inal booking.     - Whether or not a transfer of your Points from the original b
ooking to the new booking will be allowed will be at the discretion of the airli
ne, hotel or car rental provider.     - If your Points can be transferred, the o
riginal booking will be canceled with the applicable fees and your Points and/or
 payments will be applied towards the new reservation.  Barclaycard is not respo
nsible for communication of airline schedule changes or any other changes made b
y the airline. Flight reservations should be reconfirmed by the primary cardmemb
er or designated traveler at least 72 hours prior to departure. All reservations
 are subject to the conditions of carriage, supply or business of the service pr
ovider, which include exclusions and limitations of liability. The primary cardm
ember or designated traveler is responsible for obtaining a valid government-iss
ued photo ID and the appropriate international travel documentation such as pass
ports and visas.Barclaycard is not responsible for the performance of any airlin
e. Gift Cards/Certificates and Merchandise Redemptions The selection of gift car
ds and merchandise items and the number of Points needed to redeem them may chan
ge at any time and are subject to availability.You may redeem Points for gift ca
rds, gift certificates and merchandise shipped to addresses in the 50 United Sta
tes, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Items cannot be shipped internationally
 or to P.O., A.P.O., F.P.O. boxes, or Guam.  Certain items may have shipping res
trictions outside of the 48 contiguous United States and the District of Columbi
a and these restrictions will be noted in the terms &amp; conditions for that it
em.You may choose to have merchandise or gift cards delivered to an address othe
r than your billing address by updating the shipping information during the chec
k-out process, but addresses cannot be changed after an order has been submitted
. You can also choose to have redemption email confirmations delivered to an ema
il address other than the one on file at Barclaycard by updating this informatio
n in the check-out process. Changing address or email address as part of the che
ck-out process will not change the information on file at Barclaycard. It will o
nly be used for that order.Certain items may have shipping restrictions outside 
of the 48 contiguous United States and the District of Columbia.Certain items ma
y be eligible for expedited shipping. Expedited shipping fees cannot be paid wit
h Points and must be paid with a major credit or debit card. The transaction des
cription that will show on your credit or debit card statement for these fees wi
ll be “Rewards Redemption Center”. Items ordered at the same time may arrive sep
arately.Items paid for by redeeming gift cards/ e-certificates will be subject t
o sales tax as provided by the applicable law of the jurisdiction in which the p
urchase is made.All rewards are subject to product availability. We reserve the 
right to substitute items of equal or greater value. We will ship the model pict
ured or the most current comparable model available. Items shown are the latest 
models available at the time of placing your order.Terms of gift card and/or e-c
ertificate redemptions are subject to the rules of the merchant that may be view
ed online. Each merchant/provider has the right to place restrictions on the use
 of its gift cards or gift certificates. Gift cards or gift certificates are not
 exchangeable, refundable, transferable or redeemable for cash, cannot be replac
ed if lost or stolen and are void where prohibited.Gift cards/e-certificates mus
t be presented to the participating merchant for redemption, use, and the delive
ry of goods and services. Items paid for by redeeming gift cards/ e-certificates
 will be subject to sales tax as provided by the applicable law of the jurisdict
ion in which the purchase is made. Sales tax, if applicable, will be a charge ag
ainst the value of the gift cards or gift certificates or will require a separat
e supplemental payment.Tickets are nontransferable and do not include activities
/events separately priced. Tickets will be mailed and arrive within 10 business 
days of your redemption. Water parks are subject to seasonal or weather closures
. Age restrictions may apply for access to certain facilities. Please see the te
rms and conditions of your specific item online for full details.Purchase protec
tion or extended warranty coverage associated with your Account is not applicabl
e to rewards. The manufacturer’s warranty, if any, applies to items offered. Ple
ase check product terms and conditions online for additional product information
 details.   Velvet Glove Delivery:  Velvet Glove delivery is available on select
 products. A daytime phone number must be provided for orders that require Velve
t Glove delivery. You will be contacted by the carrier to schedule an appointmen
t for delivery. The Velvet Glove crew will deliver the product to your shipping 
address, bring it onto the premises, unpack it in the room of your choice (acces
s permitting) and remove all packaging materials. They will not install or set u
p the product. Please be sure to inspect all items delivered by the Velvet Glove
 team before signing for such items. Should you find an issue with the merchandi
se, you should refuse the delivery, ask the carrier to re-package and remove the
 item from your premises, and contact the Customer Service number on the back of
 your Card. Once you accept delivery, no refunds, exchanges, or replacements wil
l be allowed. For Velvet Glove delivery of larger items, shipment may require 4 
to 6 weeks. Merchandise Return PolicyItems are nonrefundable and nonreturnable.M
ail Delivery: If the items you received are damaged or defective, you must conta
ct the Customer Service number on the back of your card immediately and items mu
st be returned within 30 days of delivery. No exchanges or returns are accepted 
after 30 days. Products must be in their original packaging. All parts must be i
ncluded in package before credit will be issued or a replacement of the damaged 
or defective items will be shipped.Velvet Glove Delivery: Should you find an iss
ue with the merchandise, you should refuse the delivery, ask the carrier to re-p
ackage and remove the item from your premises, and contact the Customer Service 
number on the back of your Card. Once you accept delivery, no refunds, exchanges
, or replacements will be allowed.  Important Information about PointsPoints inf
ormation will be included on your monthly periodic billing statement.As long as 
your Account remains open, active, and in good standing, your Points will not ex
pire.All Points earned by the primary cardmember and any Authorized User(s) will
 be added to the primary cardmember’s Points balance.You have no property rights
 or other legal interest in Points and have no cash value or value of any kind u
ntil they are fully redeemed.Points may not be transferred or assigned.The Progr
am will be adjusted accordingly as the merchant network evolves. If you are not 
credited for earned Points or other benefits, once identified, the earned Points
 or other benefits will be credited.In the event of any abusive, gaming, or frau
dulent activity related to the Program, as determined by us in our sole discreti
on, we reserve the right to make corresponding Points adjustments to your Accoun
t and/or to cancel your Account at any time.The Program is subject to all applic
able laws and regulations. The sale or barter of any Points or items received th
rough redemption as part of the Program, other than by us, is expressly prohibit
ed.You are solely responsible for any taxes that may be owed as a result of Poin
ts earned and/or redeemed. Please consult your tax advisor if you have tax quest
ions about the Program. Barclaycard does not provide tax advice.Points Restricti
onsYou may not earn or redeem Points during a billing cycle in which any of the 
following occur:You fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date
.Your Account becomes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under your
 Cardmember Agreement with us. (You fail to keep your Account in good standing.)
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in fraudulent activity on thi
s Account.You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal acti
vity through the use of the Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be a
busive or gaming conduct under the Program, as determined by us in our sole disc
retion.Points ForfeitureYou may forfeit your Points if any of the following occu
r:Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclaycard at its
 sole discretion.You or we close your Account for any reason.Your Account is oth
erwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us. (You fail to keep you
r Account in good standing.)You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage i
n fraudulent activity on this Account.You, or any authorized user on the Account
, engage in any illegal activity through the use of the Program or engage in act
ivity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct under the Program, as deter
mined by us in our sole discretion.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy partici
pating in the Program and accepting and using Points earned through the Program,
 you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits f
rom the Program) release, discharge, and hold harmless Barclaycard and its respe
ctive parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employ
ees, officers, directors, successors, and assignees from all claims, damages, or
 liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out 
of participation in the Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in 
connection with the Program. Barclaycard is not responsible for unauthorized red
emptions on your Account. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement o
ver issuance or redemption of Points or a cardmember’s right to possess Points o
r make redemptions.Important General Program DisclosuresThe Program is subject t
o change or termination without prior notification. Other significant terms may 
apply.  All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. We a
re not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document. Point
s cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically 
authorized by us.We reserve the right to correct inaccurate rewards values repre
sented on statements or our website, at our sole discretion.We may, at our sole 
discretion, cancel, modify, restrict, or terminate the Program or any aspects or
 features of the Program at any time without prior notice. All interpretations o
f Program Rules shall be at our sole discretion.Customer ServiceIf you have any 
questions about the Program, please contact the customer service phone number on
 the back of your Card.The Princess Family of Marks including Princess, the Prin
cess logo, Princess Cruises and Princess Rewards are registered service marks or
 trademarks of Princess Cruise Lines, Ltd., its affiliates or its Licensor. All 
rights reserved.                            