                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases16.74%, 21.49% or 26.49%, based on your credit
 worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for B
alance Transfers0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles followi
ng each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account op
ening.After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of 
account opening) your APR will be 16.74%, 21.49%, or 26.49% based on your credit
 worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for 
Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.Ho
w to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after t
he close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if 
you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf
 you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card 
Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to
 consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Con
sumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. F
eesAnnual Fee$0Transaction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount o
f each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount
 of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction3% of each transa
ction in U.S. dollars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee
 varies by state, see below) Returned PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee va
ries by state, see below) How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method ca
lled "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at
 the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (
including new purchases)". Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information 
about the Choice Hotels Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully r
eview the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are e
arned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer befor
e applying.Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for r
esidents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to
 $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).Agreement: The use of any
 account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and 
will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, 
fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated w
ith the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  You agree
 that if you are not approved for a Signature account you may be approved for a 
Platinum account.++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone num
ber(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our af
filiates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other p
roducts or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded messa
ge or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.Abo
ut This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available onl
y to applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Pu
erto Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have 
or have had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not me
et the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the i
ncome you report is insufficient based on your current obligations,    we may be
 unable to open an account for you, or you may receive a Platinum card. Platinum
 benefits differ from Signature benefits. Please review the materials provided w
ith your card for details. About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a ri
ght to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application,
 and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree 
that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will
 tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a rep
ort about you. About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime
 Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each mon
th. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 11.
99%, 16.74% or 21.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the 
cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement
 for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prim
e Rate of 4.75%.Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account
: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering act
ivities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and 
record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this m
eans to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street ad
dress, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will al
low us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. 
We also ask for country of citizenship.Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: T
o request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from th
e Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us 
to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the 
assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or s
end a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on you
r new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance 
transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance 
transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other acc
ount you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction
 date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other char
ge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.Upon approval of your applicatio
n we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which
 you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during thi
s 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at th
e number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to 
post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance tra
nsfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a 
balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American E
xpress or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of you
r new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availa
bility. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.Avo
iding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if
 you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during thi
s introductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by
 the due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% int
roductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at 
least the minimum payment due on your account each month.Credit Limit: We do not
 permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a requ
est for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a partic
ular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of 
and prior to processing any balance transfer request.Cash Equivalent Purchases: 
The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery ticke
ts, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as
 cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.New York Reside
nts: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial S
ervices by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for f
ree information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. Notice
 to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all credit
ors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit
 reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon r
equest.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.N
otice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral 
statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely 
affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of
 the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You unde
rstand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.Abo
ut Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and admin
istered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any 
account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of 
the State of Delaware.  Visa is a registered trademark of VISA USA, Inc. and is 
used by us pursuant to a license.Express Delivery: If you are approved for an ac
count your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is o
pened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day.
 If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day.
 Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If
 you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s)
 cannot be expressed delivered.The information contained in these disclosures is
 accurate as of 03/30/2018 and may change after this date.Barclays' Privacy Poli
cy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I agree that Barclays Bank Dela
ware and Choice Hotels International, Inc may share information about me and my 
Account to the extent needed to administer the Choice Privileges® Visa Card in c
onjunction with the Choice Privileges Rewards Program.Choice Privileges® Visa® C
ard Reward RulesThis document contains the official Reward Rules for the Choice 
Privileges® Visa® Card Account ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Ba
rclaycard", "we", "us", or "our") and includes important conditions and limitati
ons ("Reward Rules"). Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of
 the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement (“Cardmembe
r Agreement”). "You", "your" or "primary cardmember" means the person who applie
d for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.Choice Privileges® is a hot
el membership program offered by Choice Hotels (the “Program”) and is not a prod
uct or program of Barclaycard. Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“Choice Hotels
”) is solely responsible for establishing the terms and conditions of your parti
cipation and points accumulation in the Program. Terms and conditions of the Pro
gram are published by Choice Hotels® at choiceprivileges.com and Choice Hotels I
nternational, Inc. reserves the right to change the Program at any time with or 
without prior notice.Reward Rules AdministrationTo maintain your eligibility for
 participation in the Program through use of the Account:You must maintain an op
en Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (in “G
ood Standing”). See sections titled “Point Restrictions” and “Point Forfeiture” 
for more details.Your Account cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cycles in 
a row (representing approximately 6 months). “Inactive” means you have no balanc
e, no payments and no purchases and/or transactions.You must be an individual (c
orporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the A
ccount only for personal, family or household expenses.If your participation in 
the Program is cancelled any points earned during that billing cycle but not yet
 sent to Choice Hotels may be forfeited. See choicehotels.com for details.Progra
m Membership The Choice Privileges Membership (“Membership”) allows members to e
arn points that can be used toward free stays at Choice Hotels brands, and other
 rewards.If your Membership number was included in the application, we will add 
that number to your Account automatically.If the Membership number that you prov
ided is found to be invalid or you did not provide us with a membership number, 
a new Choice Privileges Rewards Program membership account number will be assign
ed to you.Only one Membership number will be established per Account, and assign
ed to the primary cardmember on that Account.Earning PointsYou earn points for p
urchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and
/or any authorized user of the Account as follows:Earn 15 points for every $1.00
 of Net Purchases made on the Account on completed stays at eligible Choice Hote
ls locations. Eligible Choice Hotel Net Purchases are items billed by Choice Hot
els as merchant of record booked through choicehotels.com, calling the Choice Ho
tels Service Center, or booking direct with an eligible Choice Hotel. The 15 poi
nts are broken down as follows:Through your Membership, you will earn 10 points 
per $1.00 spent on eligible stays at Choice Hotels locations when the Account is
 linked to the same Membership. These points will be awarded after your stay is 
complete and will be posted directly to your Membership account.Earn 3 points fo
r every $1.00 of Net Purchases spent on eligible stays at Choice Hotels location
s purchased with the Account linked to the same Membership. These points will be
 awarded after your stay is complete and may post on a separate billing statemen
t than the one on which the stay transaction has posted.  Earn 2 points for ever
y $1.00 of Net Purchases spent on stays at Choice Hotels locations made on the A
ccount. These points will be awarded when the purchase is posted to your Account
 billing statement.Choice Hotels locations include the U.S., Canada, Europe, the
 Middle East, Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean and Australasia. Europe exc
ludes Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Iceland, Latvia, Lithuania, Norway and Sweden. 
Australasia includes Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Papua New Guinea, and Fi
ji. For complete details on eligible hotels that earn points, and the terms of t
he Choice Privileges Program please go to choiceprivileges.com.Earn 5 points for
 every $1.00 of Net Purchases made on the Account for the purchase of Choice Pri
vileges points and Choice Hotels gift cards.Earn 2 points for every $1.00 of Net
 Purchases made on the Account for all other purchases, including eligible or no
n-point eligible Choice Hotels stays.Balance transfers, cash advances (including
 cash equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Accou
nt to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery ticke
ts), fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases do not earn po
ints, except as permitted in the Bonus Points section below.When a purchase and/
or transaction is not a whole dollar amount, any amount that is equal to or grea
ter than $0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar and any amount tha
t is equal to or less than $0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole dolla
r to calculate your points earned. For example, if you make a purchase and/or tr
ansaction in the amount of $25.50, you will be awarded 26 points, but if the pur
chase and/or transaction amount is $25.49, you will be awarded 25 points.Bonus P
ointsYou will receive a one-time 32,000 point bonus after you spend $1,000 in Ne
t Purchases within the first 90 days of Account open date. The bonus will be ref
lected on the billing statement in which you have qualified to earn the bonus.  
Please allow 4-6 weeks for point bonuses to be deposited into your Membership ac
count after the qualifying purchase(s) have posted to your Account.  This offer 
may be cancelled at any time without notice.Anniversary Bonus PointsWhen you spe
nd at least $10,000 in Net Purchases within each 12 month period through and inc
luding your Account anniversary date (“Cardmembership Year”), 8,000 bonus points
 will be awarded. A maximum of 8,000 anniversary bonus points can be earned per 
Cardmembership Year regardless of the amount of Net Purchases made.Anniversary b
onus points will be applied on the billing cycle closing date following your Acc
ount anniversary date. Please allow 4-6 weeks for bonus points to be deposited i
nto your Membership account. From time to time, we may offer bonuses of points o
r other incentives to new Choice Privileges® Visa® Card cardmembers in connectio
n with an application for a new account. These bonuses and /or incentives are in
tended for persons who are not and have not previously been Choice Privileges® V
isa® Card cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no longer be eligib
le for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new Choice Privileges®
 Visa® Card account after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or ince
ntive for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current or former C
hoice Privileges® Visa® Card cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, o
r reduce your points by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Acc
ount for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.Redeem
ing PointsChoice Hotels manages the Program including redemption. You can obtain
 information regarding the redemption options available by calling 888-228-2000 
or online at choiceprivileges.com.Important Information about PointsAs long as t
he Program continues and the Account is open, active and in Good Standing, there
 is no limit to the total points you can earn using your Account.In the event of
 any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Account or violation 
of the Reward Rules, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the 
right to make corresponding adjustments to or invalidate points accrued in the P
rogram through use of the Account, to disqualify you from participating in the P
rogram through use of the Account, and/or to close your Account at any time. Abu
sive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an A
ccount to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typica
l consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/opening, as
 determined by us in our sole discretion.All points earned by the primary cardme
mber and any authorized user, through use of the Account, will be transferred to
 the primary cardmember’s Choice Privileges account after the close of each bill
ing statement. Your Choice Privileges account is subject to the Choice Privilege
s Program terms and conditions, located at choiceprivileges.com, which includes 
expiration and forfeiture policies. If you do not receive credit for earned poin
ts through use of your Account, please contact the Customer Service number on th
e back of your card.You have no property rights or other legal interest in point
s. Points have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed.
 Points may not be automatically assigned, transferred or pledged.You are respon
sible for any tax liability related to participating in the Program.Participatio
n in the Program through use of your account is subject to all applicable laws a
nd regulations. The sale or barter of any reward offered through the Program ear
ned through use of the Account, other than by us, is expressly prohibited.You ca
n view a summary of your points earned through the use of your Account on your m
onthly Account billing statement or by logging into BarclaycardUS.com.  Your tot
al points Program balance is available by calling 888-228-2000 or online at choi
ceprivileges.com.Barclaycard is not responsible for awarding the points to your 
Program account or for arranging or providing for any goods or services related 
to the use of points, for any delay, failure, or refusal by Choice Hotels to awa
rd or redeem points, or for any decision by Choice Hotels to revoke or cancel po
ints or membership in the Program.If your Account is closed for any reason, plea
se refer to the Program Terms and Conditions at choiceprivileges.com or call 888
-228-2000 for details regarding any impact to your outstanding point balance.Poi
nt RestrictionsYou may not earn points through use of the Account during a billi
ng cycle in which any of the following occur:You, or any authorized user on the 
Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engag
e in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by u
s in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limite
d to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that 
is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card app
lications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You fail to make 
the minimum payment due by the payment due date.Your Account becomes delinquent.
Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.Poi
nt ForfeiturePoints earned through use of the Account, but not yet transferred t
o Choice Hotels, may be forfeited if any of the following occur:You, or any auth
orized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of yo
ur Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct,
 as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes
, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned i
n a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple
 credit card applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Y
our Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclaycard in its so
le discretion.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreeme
nt with us.If your Account is closed for any reason, please refer to the Program
 Terms and Conditions at choiceprivileges.com, for details regarding any impact 
to your outstanding point balance.Responsibility of the Parties/Information Shar
ingChoice Hotels is not a party to the Cardmember Agreement between you and Barc
laycard, does not participate in any extension of credit, and has no authority r
egarding the Account. Barclaycard has no authority regarding the Program and is 
not responsible for any goods or services offered by Choice Hotels. You authoriz
e Barclaycard to share information about your Account with Choice Hotels and its
 affiliates and authorize Choice Hotels to share information about your Program 
membership, to the extent needed to administer the Program and the Account. You 
also agree that Barclaycard may share Account information as set forth in Barcla
ycard’s Privacy Policy.  The Privacy Policy for Barclaycard is available online 
at BarclaycardUS.com.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the 
Program through use of the Account and accepting points, you (on your behalf and
 on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release
, discharge and hold harmless Barclaycard, Choice Hotels, and its respective par
ent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, offi
cers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability 
including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of particip
ation in the Program through use of the Account or travel taken or use of produc
ts purchased in connection with the Program through use of the Account. Barclayc
ard has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of points or a cardme
mber’s right to possess points.Important General Program DisclosuresChoice Hotel
s International, Inc. reserves the right to change the Choice Privileges Program
 and its terms and conditions at any time without notice. Any such changes may a
ffect your ability to use the points or awards that you have accumulated. Choice
 Hotels International, Inc. is not responsible for products or services offered 
by other participating companies. For complete details about the Choice Privileg
es Program, visit choiceprivileges.com.Barclaycard reserves the right to correct
 inaccurate point values represented on statements, our website and/or our mobil
e app, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, r
estrict, or terminate the Reward Rules or any aspects or features of the Reward 
Rules at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules 
shall be in our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply.  All tradema
rks and service marks belong to their respective owners.  Barclaycard is not res
ponsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile
 app, or any marketing materials.  Points earned through use of the Account cann
ot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically author
ized by us or Choice Hotels.Choice Privileges is a registered trademark of Choic
e Hotels International, Inc. The Choice Privileges® Visa® Card is issued by Barc
lays Bank Delaware pursuant to a license by Visa.  Visa is a registered trademar
k of VISA USA, Inc.Customer ServiceIf you have any questions about your Account,
 please contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your card.     
© 2018 Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), member FDIC.                       
  