Terms and Conditions
#CCATC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margin-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; border-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bottom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC .top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLine {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases15.49%, 20.49% or 25.49%, based on your credit worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles following each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account opening) your APR will be 15.49%, 20.49%, or 25.49% based on your credit worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.How to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. FeesAnnual Fee$0Transaction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction0% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) Returned PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)". Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information about the Princess Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  You agree that if you are not approved for a Signature account you may be approved for a Platinum account.++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations,    we may be unable to open an account for you, or you may receive a Platinum card. Platinum benefits differ from Signature benefits. Please review the materials provided with your card for details. About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 10.74%, 15.74% or 20.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rate of 4.75%.Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this introductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your account each month.Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.  Visa is a registered trademark of VISA USA, Inc. and is used by us pursuant to a license.Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 03/30/2018 and may change after this date.Information Sharing:Barclays' Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I agree that Barclays Bank Delaware, Princess, and the Rewards Program administrator, Enhancement Services Corporation ("ESC Loyalty") may share information about me and my account to the extent needed to administer the Rewards Program.PRINCESS REWARD RULESPrincess Rewards™ Program Rules This document contains the official Rewards Program Rules for the Princess RewardsTM Program (the “Program”) associated with the Princess Rewards Visa Card (the “Account” or “Card”) issued by Barclays Bank Delaware (“Barclaycard”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and includes important conditions and limitations. Please read this document and keep it in a safe place.“You”, “your” or “primary cardmember” means the person who applied for the Account. Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described herein. Capitalized terms not defined in these Program Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.Program AdministrationThe Program is administered by Barclaycard located in Wilmington, DE. Barclaycard’s Privacy Policy is available online at BarclaycardUS.com. Barclaycard and Princess are responsible for establishing the terms and conditions of the Program and reserve the right to modify, amend, or terminate the Program at any time, with or without notice. Gift cards/certificates, merchandise and travel redemptions are administered by Loyalty Edge, Inc. (“Loyalty Edge”) an independent company not affiliated with Barclaycard or Princess.Princess is not a party to the Cardmember Agreement between you and us, does not participate in any extension of credit, and has no authority regarding the Account. Barclaycard is the sole creditor and owner of the Account. Barclaycard and Princess will share information to the extent needed to administer the Program.To qualify for participation in the Program and to maintain your good standing:• You must maintain an open Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.• Your Account cannot have been inactive for 7 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 7 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments, and no transactions.• You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Account only for personal, family, or household expenses. If you do not keep your Account open, active, and in good standing, your enrollment in the Program may be cancelled and any unredeemed points may be forfeited.Earning PointsYou earn Princess Points (“Points”) for retail purchases less credits, returns, and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any Authorized User(s) of the Account.You earn Points in the following amounts based upon the types of purchase transactions made using your Account:Two (2) Points for every one U.S. dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases from Princess Cruise Lines including online and onboard purchases.One (1) Point per one dollar ($1) spent on all other Net Purchases.When a purchase is not a whole dollar amount, any fraction equal to or greater than $0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar and any fraction equal to or less than $0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole dollar to calculate Points earned.  For example, if you make a purchase in the amount of $49.49, 49 Points will be awarded, but if the transaction amount is $49.50, 50 Points will be awarded.Balance Transfers, Cash Advances (including Cash Equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Card or Account number to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges, and unauthorized/fraudulent transactions do not earn Points.Any Points awarded on purchases that are subsequently returned will be deducted from your total, and your Points balance will be adjusted accordingly.There is no limit to the total Points you can earn as long as the Program continues and the Account is open and in good standing.Barclaycard reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to disqualify any cardmember from participating in the Program and to forfeit any or all Points earned for abuse, fraud, or any violation of the Program Rules.Bonus Points- After using your Princess Rewards Visa Card to make an initial purchase or Balance Transfer, you will be eligible to receive a one time bonus award of ten thousand (10,000) Princess Points. Bonus Points will be posted at the close of your first billing statement after an initial qualifying purchase or Balance Transfer is made.Cardmembers will earn one (1) Princess Point for every one U.S. dollar ($1.00) in Balance Transfers that post to your new Account, in the first thirty (30) days after your new Account is opened up to a maximum of five thousand (5,000) Princess Points. Use of Convenience Checks will not qualify for Princess Points.Redeeming PointsStatement CreditsYou may redeem Points for statement credits toward eligible purchases made using your Princess RewardsTM Visa Card. The redemption can be made online at BarclaycardUS.com or by calling the number on the back of your Card.You may redeem Points for statement credits toward Princess Cruises, Holland America Line, Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa Cruises, Cunard Line, The Yachts of Seabourn, P&O Cruises, P&O Cruises Australia, Ibero, and Aida or an airline purchase that is equal to or greater than $50 and that posted to the Account within the prior 180 days.Airline Purchases must be submitted by merchants using the merchant category codes for purchases in these categories to qualify for redemption.Airlines:  Airline purchases are defined as air carriers, airlines, airports, airport terminals and flying fields as identified by the merchant category codes. The amount of Points needed to redeem will vary by transaction.Redemptions start at 5,000 Points for a $50 statement credit toward an eligible Princess cruise purchase. Statement credit redemption value toward Princess purchases will vary based on the amount of the Princess cruise purchase as follows:  Princess Cruise Line Purchase Amount ($50 or greater) within the past 180 days: $50 - $499.99 will receive a statement credit redemption value of 1.00%$500.00 - $2000.99 will receive a statement credit redemption value of 1.25%$2001.00 - $4000.99 will receive a statement credit redemption value of 1.5%$4001.00 and up will receive a statement credit redemption value of 2.00%The statement credit redemption value for airline purchases and World’s Leading Cruise Line Cruises will be 1%.If you do not have enough points available to redeem for the full transaction, you will only be able to redeem within pre-determined increments as follows: $50.00 statement credit increments between $50.00 and $5,000.00.The statement credit will appear on your Account within one billing cycle after the Points are redeemed. There is no maximum to the number of Points that may be redeemed in any billing cycle. Barclaycard and Princess are not responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your Account.Onboard AmenitiesCardmembers may redeem Points for onboard amenities and packages to be delivered onboard the ship during the guest’s cruise and are only available in conjunction with an applicable cruise vacation. In the event that an item is unavailable or temporarily out of stock, the item may be substituted at Princess’s discretion. Onboard gift voucher may not be redeemed for onboard credit and has no cash value. Orders for onboard amenities will be accepted up to 15 days prior to the passenger’s cruise departure date.Travel RedemptionsYou may redeem Points for airfare, hotel and car rentals when you book using Loyalty Edge on BarclaycardUS.com or by calling the customer service number on the back of your Card. Cardmembers may redeem Points for a scheduled ticket on a participating major airline carrier, provided that the fares and schedules are found on, and the ability to generate a ticket (electronic or paper) is possible through, the Global Distribution System (GDS). GDS provides the same flights and fares available to travel agencies, but lower fares may be available elsewhere, e.g. from charters, wholesalers, consolidators and any Internet fares that are not published and/or available through GDS.Air, hotel and/or car rental reward rates are only guaranteed at the time your booking is made. Redemption cost includes all applicable taxes and fees at the time of booking.A valid email address is required for travel redemptions. A confirmation of your booking will be provided to you via email and will be sent to the email address you provided in the “Traveler Information” section during checkout. That email will contain all relevant itinerary information as well as how to obtain your flight ticket from your airline carrier. Contact information will also be provided should you require additional support.Travel redemptions can be made with a combination of Points and a purchase using a major credit or debit card, as long as you have at least the 10,000 minimum Points required for the redemption. The transaction description that will show on your credit or debit card statement for any travel redemption purchases will be “Rewards Redemption Center”. All bookings are final and non-refundable. Cardmembers who wish to cancel a booking will forfeit their Points redeemed for that booking and may incur additional supplier fees.If changes or modifications are made to a booking, the following will apply:     - A fee of $35 USD will apply, plus any applicable supplier fees, and may cause forfeiture of your redeemed Points for the original booking.     - Whether or not a transfer of your Points from the original booking to the new booking will be allowed will be at the discretion of the airline, hotel or car rental provider.     - If your Points can be transferred, the original booking will be canceled with the applicable fees and your Points and/or payments will be applied towards the new reservation.  Barclaycard is not responsible for communication of airline schedule changes or any other changes made by the airline. Flight reservations should be reconfirmed by the primary cardmember or designated traveler at least 72 hours prior to departure. All reservations are subject to the conditions of carriage, supply or business of the service provider, which include exclusions and limitations of liability. The primary cardmember or designated traveler is responsible for obtaining a valid government-issued photo ID and the appropriate international travel documentation such as passports and visas.Barclaycard is not responsible for the performance of any airline. Gift Cards/Certificates and Merchandise Redemptions The selection of gift cards and merchandise items and the number of Points needed to redeem them may change at any time and are subject to availability.You may redeem Points for gift cards, gift certificates and merchandise shipped to addresses in the 50 United States, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Items cannot be shipped internationally or to P.O., A.P.O., F.P.O. boxes, or Guam.  Certain items may have shipping restrictions outside of the 48 contiguous United States and the District of Columbia and these restrictions will be noted in the terms & conditions for that item.You may choose to have merchandise or gift cards delivered to an address other than your billing address by updating the shipping information during the check-out process, but addresses cannot be changed after an order has been submitted. You can also choose to have redemption email confirmations delivered to an email address other than the one on file at Barclaycard by updating this information in the check-out process. Changing address or email address as part of the check-out process will not change the information on file at Barclaycard. It will only be used for that order.Certain items may have shipping restrictions outside of the 48 contiguous United States and the District of Columbia.Certain items may be eligible for expedited shipping. Expedited shipping fees cannot be paid with Points and must be paid with a major credit or debit card. The transaction description that will show on your credit or debit card statement for these fees will be “Rewards Redemption Center”. Items ordered at the same time may arrive separately.Items paid for by redeeming gift cards/ e-certificates will be subject to sales tax as provided by the applicable law of the jurisdiction in which the purchase is made.All rewards are subject to product availability. We reserve the right to substitute items of equal or greater value. We will ship the model pictured or the most current comparable model available. Items shown are the latest models available at the time of placing your order.Terms of gift card and/or e-certificate redemptions are subject to the rules of the merchant that may be viewed online. Each merchant/provider has the right to place restrictions on the use of its gift cards or gift certificates. Gift cards or gift certificates are not exchangeable, refundable, transferable or redeemable for cash, cannot be replaced if lost or stolen and are void where prohibited.Gift cards/e-certificates must be presented to the participating merchant for redemption, use, and the delivery of goods and services. Items paid for by redeeming gift cards/ e-certificates will be subject to sales tax as provided by the applicable law of the jurisdiction in which the purchase is made. Sales tax, if applicable, will be a charge against the value of the gift cards or gift certificates or will require a separate supplemental payment.Tickets are nontransferable and do not include activities/events separately priced. Tickets will be mailed and arrive within 10 business days of your redemption. Water parks are subject to seasonal or weather closures. Age restrictions may apply for access to certain facilities. Please see the terms and conditions of your specific item online for full details.Purchase protection or extended warranty coverage associated with your Account is not applicable to rewards. The manufacturer’s warranty, if any, applies to items offered. Please check product terms and conditions online for additional product information details.   Velvet Glove Delivery:  Velvet Glove delivery is available on select products. A daytime phone number must be provided for orders that require Velvet Glove delivery. You will be contacted by the carrier to schedule an appointment for delivery. The Velvet Glove crew will deliver the product to your shipping address, bring it onto the premises, unpack it in the room of your choice (access permitting) and remove all packaging materials. They will not install or set up the product. Please be sure to inspect all items delivered by the Velvet Glove team before signing for such items. Should you find an issue with the merchandise, you should refuse the delivery, ask the carrier to re-package and remove the item from your premises, and contact the Customer Service number on the back of your Card. Once you accept delivery, no refunds, exchanges, or replacements will be allowed. For Velvet Glove delivery of larger items, shipment may require 4 to 6 weeks. Merchandise Return PolicyItems are nonrefundable and nonreturnable.Mail Delivery: If the items you received are damaged or defective, you must contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card immediately and items must be returned within 30 days of delivery. No exchanges or returns are accepted after 30 days. Products must be in their original packaging. All parts must be included in package before credit will be issued or a replacement of the damaged or defective items will be shipped.Velvet Glove Delivery: Should you find an issue with the merchandise, you should refuse the delivery, ask the carrier to re-package and remove the item from your premises, and contact the Customer Service number on the back of your Card. Once you accept delivery, no refunds, exchanges, or replacements will be allowed.  Important Information about PointsPoints information will be included on your monthly periodic billing statement.As long as your Account remains open, active, and in good standing, your Points will not expire.All Points earned by the primary cardmember and any Authorized User(s) will be added to the primary cardmember’s Points balance.You have no property rights or other legal interest in Points and have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed.Points may not be transferred or assigned.The Program will be adjusted accordingly as the merchant network evolves. If you are not credited for earned Points or other benefits, once identified, the earned Points or other benefits will be credited.In the event of any abusive, gaming, or fraudulent activity related to the Program, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding Points adjustments to your Account and/or to cancel your Account at any time.The Program is subject to all applicable laws and regulations. The sale or barter of any Points or items received through redemption as part of the Program, other than by us, is expressly prohibited.You are solely responsible for any taxes that may be owed as a result of Points earned and/or redeemed. Please consult your tax advisor if you have tax questions about the Program. Barclaycard does not provide tax advice.Points RestrictionsYou may not earn or redeem Points during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:You fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date.Your Account becomes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us. (You fail to keep your Account in good standing.)You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in fraudulent activity on this Account.You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of the Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct under the Program, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Points ForfeitureYou may forfeit your Points if any of the following occur:Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclaycard at its sole discretion.You or we close your Account for any reason.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us. (You fail to keep your Account in good standing.)You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in fraudulent activity on this Account.You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of the Program or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct under the Program, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program and accepting and using Points earned through the Program, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, discharge, and hold harmless Barclaycard and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors, and assignees from all claims, damages, or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program. Barclaycard is not responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your Account. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance or redemption of Points or a cardmember’s right to possess Points or make redemptions.Important General Program DisclosuresThe Program is subject to change or termination without prior notification. Other significant terms may apply.  All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document. Points cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us.We reserve the right to correct inaccurate rewards values represented on statements or our website, at our sole discretion.We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict, or terminate the Program or any aspects or features of the Program at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of Program Rules shall be at our sole discretion.Customer ServiceIf you have any questions about the Program, please contact the customer service phone number on the back of your Card.The Princess Family of Marks including Princess, the Princess logo, Princess Cruises and Princess Rewards are registered service marks or trademarks of Princess Cruise Lines, Ltd., its affiliates or its Licensor. All rights reserved.    
