Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

18.24%, 22.24% or 25.24%, based on your credit worthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers

0% introductory APR for the first twelve billing cycles following each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.
After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account opening) your APR will be 18.24%, 22.24%, or 25.24% based on your credit worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

27.49%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases

Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

Minimum Interest Charge

If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

 
Fees
Annual Fee

$89 (waived for the first year)

Transaction Fees:

 

Balance Transfer

Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Cash Advance

Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction

0% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.

Penalty Fees:

 

Late Payment

Up to $37  

Returned Payment

Up to $37  

 
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)".
 
Terms and Conditions Continued:
Important Information about the Barclaycard Arrival Plus MasterCard Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.
Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  
++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.

About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States,  with the exception of Iowa, and the US territories. You may not be eligible for this offer if you currently have or previously had an account with us in this Program. In addition, you may not be eligible for this offer if, at any time during our relationship with you as the issuer of an account in this Program, we have cause, as determined by us in our sole discretion, to suspect that the account is being obtained or will be used for abusive or gaming activity (such as, but not limited to, obtaining or using the account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings). If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations, we will not be able to open an account for you. Please review the materials provided with your card for details.
About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. 
About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 12.74%, 16.74% or 19.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 01/31/2019 using a Prime Rate of 5.5%.

Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.
Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.
Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.
Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this introductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your account each month.
Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.
Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. 
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.
About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated, and is used by us pursuant to a license. 
Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.
The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 01/31/2019 and may change after this date.
Privacy Policy
Barclays' Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com.
 
Barclaycard Arrival Plus™ Mastercard® Reward RulesThis document contains the official Reward Rules for the Barclaycard  Arrival Plus Account ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclays", "we", "us", or "our") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Reward Rules") for your Account reward program ("Program"). Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement (“Cardmember Agreement”). "You", "your" or "primary cardmember" means the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.The Privacy Policy for Barclays is available online at BarclaysUS.com. Reward Rules AdministrationGift card/certificates and merchandise redemptions are administered by LoyaltyEdge LLC. (“Loyalty Edge”) an independent company not affiliated with Barclays. Loyalty Edge Terms and Conditions (“Rewards Terms & Conditions”) specific to the aforementioned redemptions are available at BarclaysUS.com on the Shop page.To maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program through use of the Account:
You must maintain an open Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (in “Good Standing”). See sections titled “Miles Restrictions” and “Miles Forfeiture” for more details.Your Account cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 6 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments and no purchases and/or transactions.You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Account only for personal, family or household expenses. Earning MilesYou earn miles for purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user of the Account as follows:
You earn 2 miles for every $1 spent on Net PurchasesBalance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases do not earn miles.When a purchase is not a whole dollar amount, any amount that is equal to or greater than $0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar and any amount that is equal to or less than $0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole dollar to calculate your miles earned. For example, if you make a purchase in the amount of $25.50, you will be awarded 26 miles, but if the purchase amount is $25.49, you will be awarded 25 miles. Bonus MilesYou will receive a one-time 70,000 miles bonus after you spend $5,000 in Net Purchases within the first ninety (90) days of Account open date. The bonus will be reflected on the billing statement after you have qualified to earn the bonus. This may be cancelled at any time without notice. Balance Transfer and Cash Advance transactions do not qualify as a purchase.From time to time, we may offer bonuses of miles or other incentives to new Barclaycard Arrival Plus Mastercard cardmembers in connection with an application for a new account. These bonuses and/or incentives are intended for persons who are not and have not previously been Barclaycard Arrival Plus Mastercard cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new Barclaycard Arrival Plus Mastercard account after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current or former Barclaycard Arrival Plus Mastercard cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or reduce your miles by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Account for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.Redeeming Miles
Redeeming miles for travel statement credits offers the best value. You also have the option to redeem your miles for cash back statement credits, gift cards and merchandise.Redemptions start at 10,000 miles for travel statement credits and 5,000 miles for cash back statement credits and gift cards. Miles required for redemptions for merchandise vary, depending on what you are redeeming for. Please note, the minimum for Account annual fee redemptions within the travel statement credit category is 2,500 miles. The primary cardmember can redeem miles, either by phone or by logging in to their Account online. Any authorized user on the Account is able to redeem miles by phone.To redeem, visit BarclaysUS.com or call the number on the back of your card.Barclays is not responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your Account. All redemptions are final. Miles can’t be returned, refunded, exchanged or credited, unless otherwise specified.     Travel Statement Credit Redemptions 
Travel Redemptions are defined as Airlines, Hotels, Motels, Timeshares, Campgrounds, Car Rental Agencies, Cruise Lines, Travel Agencies, Discount Travel Sites, Trains, Buses, Taxis, Limousines Ferries and your Account annual fee ("Travel Purchases"). To qualify for redemption, Travel Purchases must be submitted by merchants using the eligible merchant category codes for purchases in the above categories. Barclays is not responsible for incorrectly coded purchases.Redemptions for travel statement credits, with the exception of your Account annual fee, start at 10,000 miles for $100.00 toward any qualifying travel purchase of $100.00 or more made within the last 120 days.If you do not have enough miles available to redeem for the full purchase amount, you will only be able to redeem within pre-determined increments as follows:–$25.00 increments between $100.00 and $2,000.00
Redemptions for your Account annual fee, within the travel statement credit category, start at 2,500 miles for $25.00.If you do not have enough miles available to redeem for the full Account annual fee amount, you will only be able to redeem within pre-determined increments as follows:        –$5.00 increments between $25.00 and $85.00If you redeem your miles for a statement credit, the credit will be posted to your Account within 1-2 business days and will appear on your Account billing statement within 1 billing cycle.Statement credits reduce your Account balance but cannot be applied toward any minimum payment requirement and are otherwise subject to the terms and conditions applicable to your Account. Cash Back Statement Credit Redemptions
Redemptions for cash back statement credits start at 5,000 miles for $25.00.If you redeem your miles for a statement credit, the credit will be posted to your Account within 1-2 business days and will appear on your Account billing statement within 1 billing cycle.Statement credits reduce your Account balance but cannot be applied toward any minimum payment requirement and are otherwise subject to the terms and conditions applicable to your Account. Gift Card/Certificate Redemptions
Redemptions for gift cards start at 5,000 miles for $25.00.The selection of gift cards are subject to availability and the number of miles needed to redeem for them may change at any time.Terms of gift cards and/or certificate redemptions are subject to the rules of the merchant and may be viewed online at BarclaysUS.com at the time of redemption. Each merchant/provider has the right to place restrictions on the use of its gift cards or gift certificates. Gift cards or gift certificates are not exchangeable, refundable, transferable or redeemable for cash, cannot be replaced if lost or stolen and are void where prohibited.Additional terms and restrictions apply. For complete details, you can review the Rewards Terms & Conditions at BarclaysUS.com on the Shop page. Merchandise Redemptions
Miles required for redemptions for merchandise vary, depending on what you are redeeming for.The selection of merchandise items are subject to availability and the number of miles needed to redeem them may change at any time.Any purchase, price and return protection and extended warranty coverage associated with your Account are not applicable to rewards. The manufacturer’s warranty, if any, applies to items offered. Please check product terms and conditions online at BarclaysUS.com at the time of redemption for additional product information details.Velvet Glove delivery is available on select products. Additional details are available online at BarclaysUS.com at the time of redemption.Additional terms and restrictions apply. For complete details, you can review the Rewards Terms & Conditions at BarclaysUS.com on the Shop page. Merchandise Return Policy
Merchandise is nonrefundable and nonreturnable.Mail Delivery: If the merchandise you received is damaged or defective, you must contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card immediately and the merchandise must be returned within 30 days of delivery. No exchanges or returns are accepted after 30 days. Products must be in their original packaging. All parts must be included in the package before credit will be issued or a replacement of the damaged or defective merchandise will be shipped.Velvet Glove Delivery: Should you find an issue with the merchandise, you should refuse the delivery, ask the carrier to re-package and remove the merchandise from your premises, and contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card. Once you accept delivery, no refunds, exchanges, or replacements will be allowed. 5% Redemption Bonus 
You will earn 5% of your miles back as a redemption bonus, to use toward your next redemption, every time you redeem.For example, if you redeem 40,000 miles, you will receive 2,000 miles as a bonus to use toward your next redemption.Redemption Bonus miles are added to your Account within one (1) business day after your redemption is processed.Redemption bonus miles are earned every time you redeem, regardless of whether you redeem for travel statement credits, cash back statement credits, gift cards and/or merchandise.When redemption bonus miles are not earned in a whole mile amount, any fraction equal to or greater than 0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole mile and any fraction equal to or less than 0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole mile. For example, if a cardmember redeems 40,123 miles, the redemption bonus of 2,006.15 miles will be rounded to 2,006 miles, and if a cardmember redeems 40,890 miles, the redemption bonus of 2,044.50 miles will be rounded to 2,045 miles for the purposes of miles calculations. Important Information about Miles
As long as the Program continues and the Account is open, active and in Good Standing, there is no limit to the total miles you can earn and your miles will not expire.In the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Account or violation of the Reward Rules, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding adjustments to or invalidate miles accrued in the Program through use of the Account, to disqualify you from participating in the Program through use of the Account, and/or to close your Account at any time. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You will have 60 days from the Account closure date to redeem any outstanding miles, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure.All miles earned by the primary cardmember and any authorized user will be added to the primary cardmember’s miles balance.If you do not receive credit for earned miles, please contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card.You have no property rights or other legal interest in miles. Miles amounts have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed.Miles may not be transferred or assigned.The Program is subject to all applicable laws and regulations.You are solely responsible for any taxes that may be owed as a result of miles earned and/or redeemed. Please consult your tax advisor if you have tax questions about the Program. Barclays does not provide tax advice.You can view your current miles balance at BarclaysUS.com and a summary of your miles on your monthly Account billing statement. Miles RestrictionsYou may not earn or redeem miles through use of the Account during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date.Your Account becomes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us. Miles ForfeitureMiles earned through use of the Account may be forfeited if any of the following occur:
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclays in its sole discretion.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.You or we close your Account for any reason. You will have 60 days from the Account closure date to redeem any outstanding miles, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure. Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program and accepting and using miles earned through the Program, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclays,  and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program. Barclays and Loyalty Edge are not responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your Account. Barclays has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of miles or items received through redemptions or a cardmember’s right to possess miles or make redemptions.Important General Program DisclosuresBarclays reserves the right to correct inaccurate miles values represented on statements, our website and/or our mobile app, at our sole discretion.   We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict or terminate the Program or any aspects or features of the Program at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be at our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply. All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials. Miles cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us.Customer ServiceIf you have any questions about the Program, please contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your card.     © 2018 Barclays Bank Delaware, member FDIC

