Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

16.74%, 22.49% or 25.49%, based on your credit worthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers

16.74%, 22.49%, or 25.49% based on your credit worthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

26.74%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases

Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

Minimum Interest Charge

If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

 
Fees
Annual Fee

$0

Transaction Fees:

 

Balance Transfer

Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Cash Advance

Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction

0% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.

Penalty Fees:

 

Late Payment

Up to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

Returned Payment

Up to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

 
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)".
Terms and Conditions Continued:
Important Information about the Uber Visa Card Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.
Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).
Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  You agree that if you are not approved for a Signature account you may be approved for a Platinum account.
++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.
About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations,    we may be unable to open an account for you, or you may receive a Platinum card. Platinum benefits differ from Signature benefits. Please review the materials provided with your card for details. 
About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. 
About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 11.74%, 17.49% or 20.49% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.74% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 08/31/2018 using a Prime Rate of 5.0%.

*Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.
Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights. Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.
Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.
Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. 
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.
About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.  Visa is a registered trademark of VISA USA, Inc. and is used by us pursuant to a license.
Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if the request for express delivery is made before 3:00 p.m. ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00 p.m. ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered. 
The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 08/31/2018 and may change after this date.
Information Sharing: Barclays Privacy Policy is available online at BarclaycardUS.com. You agree that Barclays and Uber may share information about you and your account to the extent needed to administer the Uber Visa Card program.
 
UBER VISA CARD REWARD RULESThis document contains the official Reward Rules for the Uber Visa Card Account ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclaycard," "we," "us," or "our") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Reward Rules") for the Uber Points Program ("Program"). Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement ("Cardmember Agreement"). "You," "your" or "primary cardmember" means the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement. The Privacy Policy for Barclaycard is available online at BarclaycardUS.com. You agree that Barclaycard and Uber Technologies, Inc. ("Uber") will share information to the extent needed to administer the Program.Reward Rules AdministrationThe Program and Reward Rules are administered by Barclaycard located in Wilmington, DE. We reserve the right to modify, amend or terminate the Reward Rules and the Program at any time with or without notice. You can review current Reward Rules anytime by logging in to your Account at BarclaycardUS.com. Gift card/certificate redemptions are administered by LoyaltyEdge LLC. ("Loyalty Edge") an independent company not affiliated with Barclaycard or Uber. Loyalty Edge terms and conditions ("Rewards Terms & Conditions") specific to the aforementioned redemptions are available at BarclaycardUS.com on the Shop page. To maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program through use of the Account: • You must maintain an open Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (in "Good Standing"). See sections titled "Points Restrictions" and "Points Forfeiture" for more details. • Your Account cannot have been inactive for six (6) billing cycles in a row (representing approximately six (6) months). "Inactive" means you have no balance (excluding Points), no payments and no purchases and/or transactions and as such we may close your Account. • You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Account only for personal, family or household expenses.% Back and Earning PointsUnder the Program, you earn a percentage of your purchase amount ("% Back"), which will be awarded as points ("Points"). One (1) Point has a value of One (1) Cent ($0.01), i.e. each Dollar ($1.00) in % Back earned is equal to 100 Points. You may sometimes see us refer to Points, in other materials we may refer to % Back, and in some cases we may also refer to % Back/Points when referring to the rewards that you earn. When you log in to your Account at BarclaycardUS.com, you will see the Points that you have earned, along with their cash value. You earn Points for purchases less credits, returns and adjustments ("Net Purchases") made by you and/or any authorized user of the Account. Points are earned on Net Purchases as follows: • You earn 4% Back/4 Points ($0.04) for every $1.00 spent on Net Purchases made through UberEATS and at restaurants, as defined by merchant category codes, which includes restaurants, fast food restaurants and bars ("Restaurant Purchases"). • You earn 3% Back/3 Points ($0.03) for every $1.00 spent on Net Purchases on airfare, hotels and vacation rentals (including travel agencies and home share exchanges), as defined by merchant category codes ("Travel Purchases"). • You earn 2% Back/2 Points ($0.02) for every $1.00 spent on Net Purchases made directly from Uber ("Uber Purchases"), other than UberEATS. • You earn 2% Back/2 Points ($0.02) for every $1.00 spent on eligible online Net Purchases (as described below), which includes purchases that occur online or on a mobile device as identified based on transaction details provided by merchants ("Online Purchases"): o Online Purchases that are also Restaurant Purchases will earn 4% Back/4 Points and Online Purchases that are also Travel Purchases will earn 3% Back/3 Points, as detailed above and will not also earn 2% Back/2 Points as Online Purchases. o Online Purchases from the merchant category codes that include the following, are excluded from the 2% Back/2 Points category and will earn 1% Back/1 Point ($0.01) for every $1.00 spent on Net Purchases: - Utilities (such as cable, satellite, telecommunications, gas, water, and electric), - Contracted Services (such as landscaping, general contractors, plumbing, heating/air conditioning, roofing, siding, carpentry, electrical, masonry, and concrete, and certain special trade contractors), - Government Services (such as court costs, alimony, child support, fines, bail and bond payments, and tax payments), or - Professional Services (such as doctors, therapists, dentists, opticians, nursing care facilities, hospitals, attorneys, child care services, accounting, and architectural services). o Online Purchases not from the above excluded merchant categories and Online Purchases as described below are included and will earn 2% Back/2 Points ($0.02) for every $1.00 spent on Net Purchases: - Video and music streaming services (including Netflix, Pandora, HBO Now, and Apple Music), - Certain online services (including Instacart, Shyp, Angie’s List, Handy, Thumbtack, FlyCleaners and TaskRabbit), and - Digital purchases of mobile applications and media on platforms (including iTunes and Google Play).• You earn 1% Back/1 Point ($0.01) for every $1.00 spent on Net Purchases everywhere else. Purchases must be submitted by merchants using the applicable merchant category codes to qualify for the additional Points. Barclaycard and Uber are not responsible for incorrectly coded purchases. Balance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases do not earn Points. When a purchase is not a whole dollar amount, any amount that is equal to or greater than $0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar and any amount that is equal to or less than $0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole dollar to calculate your Points earned. For example, if you make a purchase in the amount of $25.50 you will be awarded 26 Points ($0.26), but if the purchase amount is $25.49, you will be awarded 25 Points ($0.25).$100/10,000 Point BonusYou will receive a bonus of 10,000 Points ($100) after you spend $500 on Net Purchases on your Account within the first ninety (90) days from the Account open date. This one-time bonus Points offer is valid for first-time cardmembers with new accounts only. Existing cardmembers and existing accounts are not eligible for this offer. The bonus Points will be awarded after qualifying Net Purchases have posted to your Account. From time to time, we may offer bonuses of Points or other incentives to new Uber Visa Card cardmembers in connection with an application for a new account. These bonuses and/or incentives are intended for persons who are not and have not previously been Uber Visa Card cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new Uber Visa Card account after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current or former Uber Visa Card cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or reduce your Points by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Account for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.Redeeming Points• Points can be redeemed for Uber Credits, cash back or gift cards. All redemptions are at a 1% value. For example, 2,500 Points can be redeemed for a $25 Uber Credit, or a $25 statement credit or bank deposit, or a $25 gift card. • The primary cardmember can redeem Points for Uber Credits via the Uber mobile application ("Uber App"), or for cash back or gift cards by calling the number on the back of your card or by logging in to your Account online. • Any authorized user on the Account is able to redeem Points for cash back or gift cards by calling the number on the back of your card. • Barclaycard is not responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your Account.Uber Credit Redemptions• Points can be redeemed for Uber Credits via the Uber App at a 1% value. For example, 500 Points equals a $5 Uber Credit. • Uber Credit redemptions start at 500 Points for $5. • There is a $500 (50,000 Points) daily limit for Uber Credit redemptions. • Please refer to uber.com/info/ubervisacard for additional details on Uber Credits and what they can be used for.Cash Back Redemptions• Points can be redeemed for a statement credit or a deposit into a U.S. checking or savings account at a 1% value. For example, 2,500 Points can be redeemed for a $25 statement credit or bank deposit. • Cash back redemptions start at 2,500 Points for $25. • If you redeem your Points for a statement credit, the credit will be posted to your Account within one to two (1-2) business days. • The statement credit will appear on your Account billing statement within 1 billing cycle after the Points are redeemed. • Statement credits reduce your Account balance but cannot be applied toward any minimum payment requirement and are otherwise subject to the terms and conditions applicable to your Account. • Bank deposit redemptions will be transferred to the checking or savings account within three to four (3-4) business days and there is a $500 (50,000 Points) daily limit for bank deposit redemptions deposited into U.S. checking or savings accounts.Gift Card/Certificate Redemptions• Redemptions for gift cards are at a 1% value and start at 2,500 Points for $25. • The selection of gift cards are subject to availability and the number of Points needed to redeem for them may change at any time. • Terms of gift cards and/or certificate redemptions are subject to the rules of the merchant and may be viewed online at BarclaycardUS.com at the time of redemption. Each merchant/provider has the right to place restrictions on the use of its gift cards or gift certificates. Gift cards or gift certificates are not exchangeable, refundable, transferable or redeemable for cash, cannot be replaced if lost or stolen and are void where prohibited. • Additional terms and restrictions apply. For complete details, you can review the Rewards Terms & Conditions at BarclaycardUS.com on the Shop page.Digital Subscription Credit BenefitYou may earn up to a $50 credit for Net Purchases from the following eligible digital music, video and shopping subscription services: Apple Music, Pandora, Spotify, Amazon Music, Google Music, Audible, Sirius XM, Netflix, Hulu, HBO NOW, DirecTV NOW, and the membership fee for Amazon Prime, and Shoprunner ("Eligible Digital Subscription Services"), after you spend $5,000 or more in total Net Purchases on your Account during each twelve (12) month period through and including your Account anniversary date ("Cardmembership Year"). Net Purchases made by authorized users on the Account will count toward the primary cardmember’s qualifying spend. • When you meet the $5,000 spend threshold, statement credits will be automatically applied for up to $50 worth of Net Purchases of Eligible Digital Subscription Services that have posted during that Cardmembership Year as of the date that the threshold is met. We will identify all Eligible Digital Subscription Services from the beginning of your Cardmembership Year and, within five (5) business days, apply statement credits of up to $50.• If you have accumulated less than $50 of Eligible Digital Subscription Services when you meet the $5,000 spend threshold, then you will receive statement credits for each new Eligible Digital Subscription Services transaction when it posts to your Account, up until the sooner of reaching $50 in Net Purchases of Eligible Digital Subscription Services or reaching the end of the Cardmembership Year.• For example, if the total Net Purchases on Eligible Digital Subscription Services within your Cardmembership Year totals $25 at the time you meet the $5,000 spend threshold, you will receive a $25 statement credit. If you spend $20 in Eligible Digital Subscription Services each month for the next two (2) months, you will receive a $20 statement credit in the first month and a $5 statement credit in the second month since you will have reached the $50 maximum benefit.• You can log in to your Account at BarclaycardUS.com to view your progress toward the annual $5,000 spend threshold, as well as Net Purchases of Eligible Digital Subscription Services that have posted to your Account.Important Information about Points• As long as the Program continues and the Account is open, active and in Good Standing, there is no limit to the total Points you can earn and your Points will not expire.• In the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Account or violation of the Reward Rules, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding adjustments to or invalidate Points accrued in the Program through use of the Account, to disqualify you from participating in the Program through use of the Account, and/or to close your Account at any time. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/opening, as determined by us in our sole discretion.• You will have sixty (60) days, from the Account closure date to redeem any outstanding Points for cash back or gift cards, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure.• All Points earned by the primary cardmember and any authorized user will be added to the primary cardmember’s Points balance.• If you do not receive credit for earned Points, please contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card.• You have no property rights or other legal interest in Points. Points have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed.• Points may not be transferred, assigned or sold.• All redemptions are final. Points cannot be returned, refunded, exchanged or credited, unless otherwise specified.• The Program is subject to all applicable laws and regulations.• You are solely responsible for any taxes that may be owed as a result of Points earned and/or redeemed. Please consult your tax advisor if you have tax questions about the Program. Barclaycard does not provide tax advice.• You can view your current Points balance at BarclaycardUS.com and a summary of your Points on your monthly Account billing statement.Points RestrictionsYou may not earn or redeem Points through use of the Account during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur: • You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity, and/or multiple credit card account applications/opening, as determined by us in our sole discretion.• You fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date.• Your Account becomes delinquent.• Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.Points ForfeiturePoints earned through use of the Account may be forfeited if any of the following occur: • You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/opening, as determined by us in our sole discretion.• Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclaycard in its sole discretion.• Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.• You or we close your Account for any reason. You will have sixty (60) days from the Account closure date to redeem any outstanding Points for cash back or gift cards, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program and accepting and using Points earned through the Program, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclaycard, and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program. Barclaycard, Uber, and Loyalty Edge are not responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your Account. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of Points or items received through redemptions or a cardmember’s right to possess Points or make redemptions.Important General Program DisclosuresWe may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict or terminate the Program or any aspects or features of the Program at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be at our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply. All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials. Points cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us.Customer ServiceIf you have any questions about the Program, please contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your card.
 
Cellular Telephone ProtectionDefinitions:Eligible Person means a cardholder (also known as cardmember) who pays for their monthly cellular wireless telephone (“phone” or “cell phone”) bill with their eligible covered credit card (“card”). You and Your means an enrolled cardmember who has charged their monthly cell phone bill to their card.Cell phones have become an everyday necessity, which means if Your cell phone is damaged or stolen, having it repaired or replaced is not optional. Fortunately, Cellular Telephone Protection is available which provides coverage for damage to, theft of, or involuntary and accidental parting of Your cell phone. An involuntary and accidental parting is the unintended separation from Your cell phone when its location is known, but recovery is impractical to complete.  This benefit is available if You are a cardmember of a covered U.S. issued card enrolled in the Cellular Telephone Protection benefit and You charge Your monthly cell phone bill to Your card for the billing cycle before the month in which the incident occurs. Eligible cell phones are the lines listed on Your most recent cellular wireless service provider’s (“cell phone provider”) monthly billing statement for the billing cycle prior to when the incident occurred. What is covered?This benefit is supplemental coverage, which means that it will reimburse You for theft of, damage to or involuntary and accidental parting of Your cell phone not otherwise covered by another insurance policy (for example: cell phone insurance programs,  or employer’s insurance policies).Once all other applicable insurance  has been exhausted, Cellular Telephone Protection will provide coverage up to six-hundred ($600.00) dollars per claim after You have paid the twenty-five ($25.00) dollar deductible, with a maximum of two (2) claims and twelve-hundred ($1200.00) dollars per twelve (12) month period. If it is determined that, due to the theft of, damage to, or an involuntary or accidental parting of, Your cell phone requires replacement, You will receive the replacement value. If Your cell phone is repairable, You will receive an amount as determined by the diagnostic to repair the cell phone subject to the benefit maximum and deductible.The replacement value is the lesser of Your cell phone provider’s suggested retail value for the impacted device or the actual cost to replace the cell phone.*Note: Electronic issues, such as inability to charge, mechanical or battery failure, where there is no evidence of physical damage, are not covered under this program.When does it apply?Cellular Telephone Protection applies when You make Your monthly cell phone bill payment with Your card. Coverage begins the first day of the calendar month following a payment of the cell phone bill. If You fail to make a cell phone bill payment in a particular month, Your coverage will be suspended. Coverage will resume on the first day of the calendar month after the date any future cell phone bill payment is made with the card. If Your cell phone is stolen as a result of criminal activity, You must file a police report within forty-eight (48) hours of the event.What is not covered?This benefit will not provide reimbursement for the following:
Cell phone accessories other than standard battery and/or standard antenna provided by the manufacturerCell phones purchased for resale, professional, or commercial useCell phones that are lost or “mysteriously disappear,” meaning that the phone vanished in an unexplained manner without evidence of a wrongful act by a person or personsCell phones under the care and control of a common carrier (including, but not limited to, the U.S. Postal Service, airplanes, or delivery service)Cell phones stolen from baggage unless hand-carried and under Your personal supervision, or under supervision of Your traveling companionCell phones which have been rented, borrowed or are part of pre-paid or “pay as you go” type plansCosmetic damage to the cell phone or damage that does not impact the cell phone’s capabilities and functionalitiesDamage or theft resulting from abuse, intentional acts, fraud, hostilities of any kind (including, but not limited to, war, invasion, rebellion, or insurrection), confiscation by the authorities, risks of contraband, illegal activities, normal wear and tear, flood, earthquake, radioactive contamination, or damage from inherent product defectsDamage or theft resulting from misdelivery or voluntary parting with the cell phoneTaxes, delivery and transportation charges, and any fees associated with the cell phone providerHow to File a Cellular Telephone Protection Claim: 
Within ninety (90) days of the date of the damage or theft, notify the Benefit Administrator at 1-866-894-8569, or outside the U.S. call collect at 1- 303-967-1096. The Benefit Administrator will ask You some preliminary questions and send You the appropriate claim form. Please note, if You do not notify the Benefit Administrator within ninety (90) days after the damage or theft, Your claim may be denied.   Return the completed, signed claim form and the requested documentation below within one hundred twenty (120) days of the date of the damage or theft to the address provided by the Benefit Administrator.  For faster filing, or to learn more about Cellular Telephone Protection, visit www.cardbenefitservices.comPlease submit the following documents: 
The completed signed claim formA copy of Your cell phone provider’s billing statement demonstrating that the entire monthly payment for the cell phone bill was made the month prior to the date of damage or theft and has been paid with the card.If Your cell phone provider’s billing statement doesn’t show payment with the card, a copy of Your card monthly billing statement that corresponds with the above cell phone monthly billing statement.A copy of the device summary page from Your cell phone bill or other sufficient proof of the claimed cell phone model linked to Your cell phone account. Eligible cell phones are the lines listed on Your most recent cell phone provider’s monthly billing statement for the billing cycle prior to when the incident occurred.If the claim is due to theft or criminal action, a copy of the police report filed within forty-eight (48) hours of the eventBased on the details of the claim, the Benefit Administrator may request additional verification including:An itemized repair estimate from an authorized cell phone repair facilityThe damaged cell phone, for evaluation of its damageAn itemized store receipt for the replacement cell phoneDocumentation (if available) of any other claim settlement such as Your cellular provider or manufacturer’s insurance settlement (if applicable)Any other documentation deemed necessary, in the Benefit Administrator’s sole discretion, to substantiate Your claim. All claims must be fully substantiated as to the time, place, cause, and purchase price of the cell phone.If the cell phone is damaged, do not discard it until the claim has been fully reviewed.How will I be reimbursed?Depending on the nature and circumstances of Your claim, the Benefit Administrator may choose to repair or replace Your cell phone or reimburse You for the lesser of:a) Six hundred ($600.00) dollars in excess of the twenty-five ($25.00) dollar deductible; orb) The current cell phone provider’s suggested retail value of a similar model replacement cell phone, or the actual cost to replace it, whichever is lower (not including taxes, delivery and transportation charges or fees associated with the cell phone provider), less Your twenty-five ($25.00) dollar deductible.c) If Your cell phone is repairable, You will receive an amount, as determined by the diagnostic, to repair the cell phone less Your twenty-five ($25.00) dollar deductible.Under normal circumstances, reimbursement will take place within ten (10) business days of receipt and approval of Your claim form and all necessary documents.Additional Provisions for Cellular Telephone Protection:
Signed or pinned transactions are covered as long as You use Your eligible account to secure the transaction.You shall do all things reasonable to avoid or diminish any loss covered by this benefit. This provision will not be unreasonably applied to avoid claims.If You make any claim knowing it to be false or fraudulent in any respect, no coverage shall exist for such claim, and Your benefit may be cancelled. Each cardmember agrees that representations regarding claims will be accurate and complete. Any and all relevant provisions shall be void in any case of fraud, intentional concealment, or misrepresentation of material fact.No legal action for a claim may be brought against the Provider until sixty (60) days after the Provider receives proof of loss. No legal action against the Provider may be brought more than two (2) years after the time for giving proof of loss. Further, no legal action may be brought against the Provider unless all the terms of the Guide to Benefits have been complied with fully.This benefit is provided to eligible cardmembers at no additional cost. The terms and conditions contained in this Guide to Benefits may be modified by subsequent endorsements. Modifications to the terms and conditions may be provided via additional Guide to Benefits mailings, statement inserts, statement messages, emails and website notifications. The benefits described in this Guide to Benefits will not apply to cardmembers whose Accounts have been suspended or cancelled.Termination dates may vary by financial institutions. Your financial institution can cancel or non-renew the benefits for cardmembers, and if they do, they will notify You at least thirty (30) days in advance. Indemnity Insurance Company of North America (“Provider”) is the underwriter of these benefits and is solely responsible for its administration and claims. The Benefit Administrator provides services on behalf of the Provider.After the Benefit Administrator has paid Your claim, all Your rights and remedies against any party in respect of this claim will be transferred to the Benefit Administrator to the extent of the payment made to You. You must give the Benefit Administrator all assistance as may reasonably be required to secure all rights and remedies.© 2017 Barclays Bank Delaware, member FDIC

