Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

18.24%, 23.24% or 28.24% based on your credit worthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
0% promotional APR for six billing cycles from the transaction date on all "Qualifying NFL Team Ticket Purchases" (see below).
After that, your APR for your Qualifying NFL Team Ticket Purchases will be 18.24%,  23.24% or 28.24% based on your credit worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers

0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles following each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.
After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account opening) your APR will be 18.24%, 23.24% or 28.24% based on your credit worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

28.49%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases

Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

Minimum Interest Charge

If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

 
Fees
Annual Fee

$0

Transaction Fees:

 

Balance Transfer

Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Cash Advance

Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction

3% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.

Penalty Fees:

 

Late Payment

Up to $39 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

Returned Payment

Up to $39 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)".
 
Terms and Conditions Continued:
Important Information about the NFL Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.

Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $39  (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $39 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).
Special Promotional Offer for Qualifying NFL Game Ticket Purchase(s):“Qualifying NFL Game Ticket Purchases” include tickets purchased from any participating NFL team ticket office using your NFL Extra Points credit card. This offer is only available for the purchase of NFL game tickets processed by a participating NFL team ticket office. Game tickets purchased from any non-NFL team ticket offices will not be eligible for the promotional APR offer.
Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  You agree that if you are not approved for a Signature account you may be approved for a Platinum account.
++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.
About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations,    we may be unable to open an account for you, or you may receive a Platinum card. Platinum benefits differ from Signature benefits. Please review the materials provided with your card for details. 
About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. 
About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 12.74%, 17.74% or 22.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 22.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 04/30/2019 using a Prime Rate of 5.5%.

*Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.
Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.
Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.
Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this introductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your account each month.
Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.
Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. 
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.
About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclays), located in Wilmington, Delaware. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.  Visa is a registered trademark of VISA USA, Inc. and is used by us pursuant to a license.
Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.
The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 04/30/2019 and may change after this date.
Information Sharing:Barclays' Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I agree that Barclays Bank Delaware and the NFL may share information about me and my account to the extent needed to administer the Extra Points Rewards Program.
 
EXTRA POINTS REWARD RULES
 
This document contains the official Reward Rules for the NFL Extra Points Rewards account ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclays", "we", "us", or "our") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Reward Rules") for the NFL Extra Points Rewards program ("Program"). Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement (“Cardmember Agreement”). "You", "your" or "primary cardmember" means the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.
 
The Privacy Policy for Barclays is available online at mynflcard.com. You agree that Barclays and the NFL will share information to the extent needed to administer the Program.
 
Reward Rules Administration
The Program and Reward Rules are administered by Barclays located in Wilmington, DE.  We reserve the right to modify, amend or terminate the Reward Rules and the Program at any time with or without notice.  You can review current Reward Rules any time by logging in to your Account at mynflcard.com.
Gift card/certificates, tickets and NFL experiences redemptions are administered by LoyaltyEdge LLC. (“Loyalty Edge”) an independent company not affiliated with Barclays or the NFL. Loyalty Edge Terms and Conditions (“Rewards Terms & Conditions”) specific to the aforementioned redemptions are available at mynflcard.com on the Shop page.
 
To maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program through use of the Account:
You must maintain an open Account that is in good standing. “Good Standing” means your Account is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (in “Good Standing”).You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Account only for personal, family or household expenses. 
Important Information about Extra Points
As long as the Program continues and the Account is open and in Good Standing, there is no limit to the total Extra Points you can earn and your Extra Points will not expire.You will have 60 days from the Account closure date to redeem any outstanding Extra Points, as long as your Account at the time of closure was not closed for any reasons outlined in the Extra Points Forfeiture Section.All Extra Points earned by the primary cardmember and any authorized user(s) will be added to the primary cardmember’s Extra Points balance.If you do not receive credit for earned Extra Points, please contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card.You have no property rights or other legal interest in Extra Points. Extra Points amounts have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed. Extra Points may not be transferred or assigned.The Program is subject to all applicable laws and regulations. The sale or barter of any Extra Points offered through the Program, earned through use of the Account, other than by us, is expressly prohibited.You are solely responsible for any taxes that may be owed as a result of Extra Points earned and/or redeemed. Please consult your tax advisor if you have tax questions about the Program. Barclays does not provide tax advice.You can view your current Extra Points balance at BarclaysUS.com and a summary of your Extra Points on your monthly Account billing statement. 
Earning Extra Points
You earn Extra Points for purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user(s) of the Account as follows:
You earn 2 Extra Points per $1 spent on NFL, NFL Team and DirecTV Net Purchases, as detailed below.NFL purchases are Net Purchases made at NFLShop.com, NFL team retail stores, NFL Team online stores and NFL Team stadiums. DirecTV purchases are Net Purchases made directly with DirecTV.You earn 1 Extra Point per $1 spent on all other Net Purchases on the Account.Balance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases are not considered Net Purchases and do not earn Extra Points, except as permitted in the Bonus Extra Points section below.Any Extra Points awarded on Net Purchases that are subsequently returned will be deducted from your total, and your Extra Points balance will be adjusted accordingly.There are no limits to the total Extra Points you can earn as long as the Program continues and the Account is open and in good standing. 
Bonus Extra Points
You will receive a one-time 10,000 points bonus after you spend $500 on Net Purchases within the first 90 days of Account opening. The bonus will be reflected on the billing statement in which you have qualified to earn the bonus. 
From time to time, we may offer bonuses of Extra Points or other incentives to new NFL Extra Points Credit Card cardmembers in connection with an application for a new Account. These bonuses and/or incentives are intended for applicants who are not and have not previously been NFL Extra Points Credit Card cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new NFL Extra Points Credit Card Account after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current or former NFL Extra Points Credit Card cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or reduce your Extra Points by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Account for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.
 
Redeeming Extra Points
To redeem, visit mynflcard.com or call the number on the back of your card. Redemptions start at 2,500 Extra Points.You can redeem for: NFL and Team Gift Cards, NFL and Team Experiences, NFL Tickets and cash back in the form of a deposit directly into a U.S. checking or savings account or for a statement credit applied to your Account.Select experiential rewards may be redeemed using a combination of Extra Points and a major credit or debit card, however a minimum of 2,500 Extra Points must be redeemed at the time of redemption.  Please see the Item Terms and Descriptions for availability and additional terms at the time of redemption on the Shop page at mynflcard.com.     There is no maximum number of Extra Points that may be redeemed in any billing cycle, except as detailed below in the Cash Back (Deposit) Redemption section.Barclays, the NFL, and their suppliers have no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of or right to possess rewards or Extra Points and have no further obligation once the reward is issued.Barclays Bank Delaware may lower the Extra Points required to redeem for NFL tickets and/or NFL experiences in advance of game day/event date, in its sole discretion. If you redeem for NFL tickets and/or NFL experiences at a higher points value and the points required for redemption are later lowered, a Extra Points refund will not be provided.The primary cardmember can redeem Extra Points, either by phone or by logging in to their Account online. Any authorized user(s) on the Account is able to redeem Extra Points by phone.Barclays is not responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your Account.All reward selections are subject to availability. Rewards are not returnable, exchangeable or refundable under any circumstance. Rewards are not replaceable if lost, stolen, destroyed or expired. 
Cash Back (Statement Credit) Redemptions 
Redemptions for Extra Points statement credits start at 2,500 Extra Points for $25.The credit will be posted to your Account within 1-2 business days and will appear on your Account billing statement within 1 billing cycle.Statement credits reduce your Account balance but cannot be applied toward any minimum payment requirement and are otherwise subject to the terms and conditions applicable to your Account. 
Cash Back (Deposit) Redemptions
Redemptions for Extra Points deposits start at 2,500 Extra Points for $25.Deposit redemptions will be transferred to the requested U.S. checking or savings account within 3-4 business days.There is a $500 daily limit for deposit redemptions. 
Gift Card/Certificate Redemptions
Redemptions for gift cards start at 2,500 Extra Points for $25.The selection of gift cards is subject to availability and the number of Extra Points needed to redeem for them may change at any time.Terms of gift cards and/or certificate redemptions are subject to the rules of the merchant and may be viewed online at mynflcard.com at the time of redemption. Each merchant/provider has the right to place restrictions on the use of its gift cards or gift certificates. Gift cards or gift certificates are not exchangeable, refundable, transferable or redeemable for cash, cannot be replaced if lost or stolen and are void where prohibited.Additional terms and restrictions apply. For complete details, you can review the Rewards Terms & Conditions at mynflcard.com on the Shop page.
 
Additional Benefits
As an NFL Extra Points cardmember, you can receive a 20% discount when you use your card for purchases at NFLShop.com. To receive the discount, you must enter the first 6-digits from your NFL Extra Points credit card number in the “Promo Code” field at checkout. Discount does not apply to taxes, shipping and handling charges, gift-wrapping or similar charges. Discount not applicable with returned merchandise; total discount will be deducted from the value of any returned item to which the discount applied. Cannot be combined with any other promotional offer nor is this offer valid on previous purchases. Entire order must be shipped to a single address and customer is responsible for all shipping costs for returned merchandise. Additional team-specific discounts may become available at any time, subject to availability. Barclays manages such discounts on a per team basis, with the ability to add and remove availability of such discounts, in its sole discretion.
 
Extra Points Forfeiture 
If your Account is closed for any of the following reasons, your Extra Points earned will be forfeited if/based upon:
You or any authorized user(s) on the Account engages in any fraudulent or illegal activity through the use of your Account.You, or any authorized user(s) on the Account engage in any activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You or any authorized user(s) on the Account have negative public record information identified.Your history of Account usage.Your Account is delinquent, as determined by Barclays in its sole discretion.You or any authorized user(s) on the Account violate any of the Account Rewards Rules.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us. 
Limitation and Release of Liability
By participating in the Program and accepting and using Extra Points earned through the Program, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclays,  and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program. Barclays, the NFL and Loyalty Edge are not responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your Account. Barclays has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of Extra Points, or items received through redemptions or a cardmember’s right to possess Extra Points or make redemptions.
 
Important General Program Disclosures
Barclays reserves the right to correct inaccurate Extra Point values represented on statements, our website and/or our mobile app, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict or terminate the Program or any aspects or features of the Program at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be at our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply. All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials. Extra Points cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us. Currently, rewards include NFL tickets, NFL and Team gift cards, cash back and NFL and Team-based experiences, unless otherwise noted. Cardmembers will be responsible for all travel to and from each experience. Any rewards that involve tickets to an NFL football game or the Super Bowl are subject to all standard Terms and Conditions of NFL tickets, including, without limitation, the Terms and Conditions on ticket backs and in fan guides.
 
Customer Service 
If you have any questions about the Program, please contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your card.     
 
© 2019 Barclays Bank Delaware, Member FDIC.

