                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases15.49% or 26.49% based on your credit worthine
ss.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Tr
ansfers0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles following each b
alance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.Aft
er that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account o
pening) your APR will be 15.49% or 26.49% based on your credit worthiness. This 
APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74
%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.How to Avoid Paying 
Interest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after the close of each b
illing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entir
e balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf you are charged i
nterest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card Tips from the Cons
umer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when app
lying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Pr
otection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. FeesAnnual Fee$0Tra
nsaction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, w
hichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash adva
nce, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction3% of each transaction in U.S. doll
ars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, 
see below) Returned PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see
 below)  How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balan
ce (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the acc
ount is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new pur
chases)". Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information about the Barnes 
and Noble Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the rewa
rd benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), intere
st rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.Fee
s that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Io
wa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 for resid
ents of Iowa at time of account opening).Agreement: The use of any account opene
d in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subjec
t to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and othe
r account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the accoun
t are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  ++Your Telephone Number
s:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime
 thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at t
hat number about your account or other products or services, and to use an autom
ated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messag
ing and/or calling charges may apply.About This Offer: You must be at least 18 y
ears of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the
 United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territories,  and m
ay not be available if you already have or have had an account with us. If at th
e time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previou
sly established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based o
n your current obligations, we may be unable to open an account for you. Please 
review the materials provided with your card for details.    About Your Credit R
eport: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection wi
th our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to ad
minister your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experi
ence with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bu
reaus from which we obtained a report about you. About the Variable APRs on Your
 Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on
 the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balan
ce transfer APR, we add either 10.74% or 21.74% to the Prime Rate based on your 
creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See
 your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as 
of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rate of 4.75%.Important Information About Procedures
 for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terroris
m and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutio
ns to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who ope
ns an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will as
k for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and othe
r information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies 
of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.Balance Transfe
rs. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 di
git account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card
 account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amoun
t you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may eithe
r decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount 
of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferre
d and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to proc
ess any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a 
balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur int
erest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any dispu
ted purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.Upon a
pproval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payme
nt to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed
 you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance trans
fer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer 
may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each cred
itor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you
 would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Vi
sa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone
 number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance trans
fers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any t
ime and for any reason.Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you in
terest on any purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each mont
h. In addition, during this introductory period we will not charge you interest 
on purchases if you pay by the due date each month your outstanding statement ba
lance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a la
te fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your account each mon
th.Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit.
 We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to
 be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on yo
ur account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.C
ash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, forei
gn currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar t
ransactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement f
or details.New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State
 Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the webs
ite, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees
 and grace periods. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discriminati
on require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy 
customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories
 on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers 
compliance with this law.Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital prope
rty agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital pr
operty law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is ope
ned, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual 
knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this 
account to your spouse.About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card p
rogram is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), locat
ed in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in response to this application shall b
e governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Mastercard is a registered trad
emark of Mastercard International Incorporated, and is used by us pursuant to a 
license. Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be 
sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if your request fo
r express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the request is made 
after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made o
nly to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional
 card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed del
ivered.The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 03/30/20
18 and may change after this date.Information Sharing:Barclaycard's Privacy Poli
cy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I agree that Barclaycard and Ba
rnes &amp; Noble may share information about me and my account to the extent nee
ded to administer the Barnes &amp; Noble Mastercard Program in conjunction with 
the Barnes &amp; Noble Reward Program.BARNES &amp; NOBLE MASTERCARD® REWARD RULE
SThis document contains the official Reward Rules for the Barnes &amp; Noble Mas
tercard Account ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclaycard", "we
", "us", or "our") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Reward Ru
les") for your Account reward program ("Program"). Use of your Account constitut
es your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Car
dmember Agreement (“Cardmember Agreement”). "You", "your" or "primary cardmember
" means the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in
 these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreemen
t.The Privacy Policy for Barclaycard is available online at BarclaycardUS.com. Y
ou agree that Barclaycard and Barnes &amp; Noble Entities will share information
 to the extent needed to administer the Program.Reward Rules AdministrationTo ma
intain your eligibility for participation in the Program through use of the Acco
unt:You must maintain an open Account that is not in default under your Cardmemb
er Agreement with us (in “Good Standing”). See sections titled “Points Restricti
ons” and “Points Forfeiture” for more details.Your Account cannot have been inac
tive for 6 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 6 months). “Inact
ive” means you have no balance, no payments and no purchases and/or transactions
.You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may n
ot participate) and use the Account only for personal, family or household expen
ses.Earning PointsYou earn points and rebates for purchases less credits, return
s and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user of th
e Account as follows:You earn a 5% rebate, reflected as a credit on your Account
 statement, on Net Purchases made using the Account at any Barnes &amp; Noble, B
. Dalton, Bookstop, Bookstar, Doubleday, Ink Newstand and Charlesbank stores (“B
arnes &amp; Noble Stores”) or online at bn.com.You earn 2 points for every $1.00
 spent on restaurant Net Purchases (excluding Barnes &amp; Noble Café purchases)
. Purchases must be submitted by merchant category codes for Restaurants and Fas
t Food Restaurants to qualify for the 2 points.You earn 1 points for every $1.00
 spent on all other Net Purchases (excluding Barnes &amp; Noble purchases).Purch
ases must be submitted by merchants using the merchant category codes for purcha
ses in the specified categories to qualify for the additional points. Barclaycar
d and Barnes &amp; Noble are not responsible for incorrectly coded purchases. Ad
ditional points may not be earned if the merchant submits the purchase using a m
obile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet to pay fo
r the purchase. Additionally, purchases and/or transactions made through third p
arties, including online marketplaces and resellers, or using third-party paymen
t account will not earn additional points.Balance transfers, cash advances (incl
uding cash equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your 
Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery 
tickets), fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases do not ea
rn points except as permitted.When a purchase is not a whole dollar amount, any 
amount that is equal to or greater than $0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest 
whole dollar and any amount that is equal to or less than $0.49 will be rounded 
down to the nearest whole dollar to calculate your points earned. For example, i
f you make a purchase in the amount of $25.50, you will be awarded 26 points, bu
t if the purchase amount is $25.49, you will be awarded 25 points.Bonus Gift Car
dsYou will receive a one-time $25 Barnes &amp; Noble Gift Card upon first use of
 the Account for a Net Purchase or balance transfer.  There is a fee for balance
 transfers. Please allow up to 4 weeks for delivery of the gift card. The delive
ry will be made to the U.S. street address of record with Barclaycard.From time 
to time, we may offer bonuses of points or other incentives to new Barnes &amp; 
Noble Mastercard cardmembers in connection with an application for a new account
. These bonuses and /or incentives are intended for persons who are not and have
 not previously been Barnes &amp; Noble Mastercard cardmembers. You understand a
nd agree that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in
 connection with a new Barnes &amp; Noble Mastercard account after this Account 
is opened. If you receive a bonus or incentive for which you are not eligible du
e to your status as a current or former Barnes &amp; Noble Mastercard cardmember
, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or reduce your points by the amount of t
he bonus or incentive, or charge your Account for the fair value of the bonus or
 incentive, in our sole discretion.Redeeming PointsAfter you accumulate 2,500 po
ints, you will automatically receive a $25 Barnes &amp; Noble Gift Card.Gift car
ds will be mailed to the U.S. street address of record with Barclaycard within 7
 to 14 business days after your billing statement for the period in which you ha
ve earned 2,500 points.You may choose to receive your gift card faster by select
ing to have your gift card sent digitally to your email address of record with B
arclaycard. Select your delivery method by selecting Update your preferences fro
m the Rewards &amp; Benefits menu online or by contacting the Customer Service n
umber on the back of your card.Gift cards do not expire once awarded.Gift cards 
cannot be replaced if lost or stolen.Gift cards are valid within the United Stat
es only.All redemptions are final. Points and earned gift cards can’t be returne
d, refunded, exchanged or credited, unless otherwise specified.RebatesRebates wi
ll be reflected as a credit on your billing statement.The credit will appear on 
the same billing statement as the charge for the related eligible purchases.Cred
its reduce your Account balance but are not applied toward any minimum payment r
equirement and are otherwise subject to the terms and conditions applicable to y
our Account.Important Information about Points and RebatesAs long as the Program
 continues and the Account is open, active and in Good Standing, there is no lim
it to the total rebates or points you can earn and your points will not expire.I
n the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Account
 or violation of the Reward Rules, as determined by us in our sole discretion, w
e reserve the right to make corresponding adjustments to or invalidate points or
 rebates accrued in the Program through use of the Account, to disqualify you fr
om participating in the Program through use of the Account, and/or to close your
 Account at any time. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, o
btaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not 
consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account ap
plications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.When your Accoun
t is closed, if you have enough points for a gift card, it will be automatically
 be sent to you based on your delivery preferences, as long as your Account was 
in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward Rules ha
d occurred at or before the time of closure.All points earned by the primary car
dmember and any authorized user will be added to the primary cardmember’s points
 balance.If you do not receive credit for earned points, please contact the Cust
omer Service number on the back of your card.You have no property rights or othe
r legal interest in points. Point amounts have no cash value or value of any kin
d until they are fully redeemed.Points may not be transferred or assigned.The Pr
ogram is subject to all applicable laws and regulations.You are solely responsib
le for any taxes that may be owed as a result of points earned and/or redeemed. 
Please consult your tax advisor if you have tax questions about the Program. Bar
claycard does not provide tax advice.You can view your current points balance at
 BarclaycardUS.com and a summary of your points on your monthly Account billing 
statement.12 Months of Barnes &amp; Noble MembershipAs the primary cardmember, y
ou are eligible to earn 12 months of Barnes &amp; Noble Membership in your name,
 provided that $7,500 or more in eligible Net Purchases are made on the Account 
during each 12 month period through and including your Account anniversary date 
(“Cardmembership Year”). The following do not count towards the $7,500 purchase 
spend requirement: balance transfers, cash advances, quasi-cash transactions (tr
ansactions in highly liquid assets, e.g., assets that are directly convertible t
o cash such as, but not limited to, money orders, travelers checks, foreign curr
ency and lottery tickets), purchases made by or for a business or for a business
 purpose, fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent transactions.Barnes
 &amp; Noble will send you a notification once you have earned this Barnes &amp;
 Noble Membership benefit, which will outline your membership details. If you do
 not receive this notification within 2-3 weeks, please contact the Customer Ser
vice phone number on the back of your card.If you already have a Barnes &amp; No
ble Membership at the time you earn this benefit, Barnes &amp; Noble will add an
 additional 12 months to your existing membership, which will extend the date wh
en your next Barnes &amp; Noble Membership fee will be due.If you do not have an
 existing Barnes &amp; Noble Membership, you will receive an invitation from Bar
nes &amp; Noble to create a Membership account in order to receive the 12 months
 of Barnes &amp; Noble Membership you earned.The 12 month Barnes &amp; Noble Mem
bership benefit will not be applied retroactively and a credit will not be provi
ded for any Barnes &amp; Noble Membership fees that you may have previously paid
.Point RestrictionsYou may not earn or redeem points through use of the Account 
during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:You, or any authorize
d user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Ac
count or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as d
etermined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but
 it not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in 
a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple c
redit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discre
tion.You fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date.Your Accou
nt becomes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember
 Agreement with us.Points ForfeiturePoints earned through use of the Account may
 be forfeited if any of the following occur:You, or any authorized user on the A
ccount, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage
 in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us
 in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to
, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is n
ot consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card applica
tions/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Your Account becomes 
seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclaycard in its sole discretion.Your A
ccount is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.When your
 Account is closed, if you have enough points for a gift card, it will be automa
tically be sent to you based on your delivery preferences, as long as your Accou
nt was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward R
ules had occurred at or before the time of closure.Limitation and Release of Lia
bilityBy participating in the Program and accepting and using points earned thro
ugh the Program, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you giv
e the benefits from the Program) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclaycar
d,  Barnes &amp; Noble Inc., Barnesandnoble.com llc and  their respective parent
 companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officer
s, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability inc
luding, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participati
on in the Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection wit
h the Program. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement over issuanc
e of points or items received through redemptions or a cardmember’s right to pos
sess points. Information relating to any additional cards issued under your Acco
unt may be shared with the Barnes &amp; Noble Entities. The Barnes &amp; Noble E
ntities may use this information to send you select marketing and partner offers
 in accordance with the Barnes &amp; Noble privacy policy (the “Barnes &amp; Nob
le Privacy Policy”).Important General Program DisclosuresBarclaycard reserves th
e right to correct inaccurate points values represented on statements, our websi
te and/or our mobile app, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion
, cancel, modify, restrict or terminate the Program or any aspects or features o
f the Program at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Rewar
d Rules shall be at our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply. All 
trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not respo
nsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile a
pp, or any marketing materials. Points cannot be combined with other discount or
 reward programs unless specifically authorized by us.Customer ServiceIf you hav
e any questions about the Program, please contact the Customer Service phone num
ber on the back of your card.     ©2018 Barclays Bank Delaware, member FDIC BN1_
BN06_ 9.11.17                             