Rates and Fees
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

18.24% variable or 27.24% variable, depending on our review of your application and credit history.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers

18.24% variable or 27.24% variable, depending on our review of your application and credit history. 
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

27.49%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

Variable Rate Information

Your APR may vary. The rate is determined monthly by adding the Prime Rate and:
12.74% or 21.74% for Purchases and this rate will not be lower than 12.74% or 21.74% respectively.12.74% or 21.74% for Balance Transfers and this rate will not be lower than 12.74% or 21.74% respectively. 21.99% for Cash Advances and Convenience Checks and this rate will not be lower than 21.99%. See explanation below.**

Grace Period

At least 20 days Grace Period for Purchases from the Statement Closing Date on your periodic statement (provided you pay your previous balance in full by the due date). The Grace Period does not apply to Cash Advances, Balance Transfers or Convenience Checks.

Minimum Finance Charge

$1.00

Method of Computing the Balance for Purchases

Average Daily Balance (including new purchases)
 
Fees
Annual Fee

$99

Transaction Fees:

 

Balance Transfer

Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Cash Advance

Either $10 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Convenience Check

Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each Check, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction

0% of the U.S. Dollar amount.

Penalty Fees:

 

Late Payment

For Account balances less than $250: $19.   For Account balances equal to or greater than $250: $39.

Returned Payment
 $39

Returned Convenience Check
 $39

Over-the-Credit-Line
 $0

Stop Convenience Check Payment
 $39

Electronic Payment
 $15

Administrative

$3 for Statement Copy $5 for other documents Research - $15 per hour

**The Prime Rate used in determining the APRs used on your Account each billing cycle is the highest rate published in the Money Rates column of The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. The variable APRs, which are subject to a minimum APR, are current as of 12/31/2018 using a Prime Rate of 5.5%.
Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclays") reserves the right to change the APR and other Charges as described above after your Account is opened, and in accordance with the Business Card Agreement and Delaware law. Barclays reserves the right to change at any time the benefits and features associated with your card or Account after your Account is opened.  We will allocate payments to lower APR balances before higher APR balances.
Authorization: When you (the "Signing Individual") submit this Application for this business credit card account (the "Account") from Barclays Bank Delaware, located in Wilmington, Delaware, you agree to the following: (1) that you are either a sole proprietor or an authorized representative, officer, partner, employee or agent of the business identified on the Application (the "Business"); (2) that you are at least 18 years of age and a permanent resident of the United States, and have truthfully and completely provided the information on this Application; (3) you have reviewed and accept the terms and conditions provided on this Application; (4) the use of any Account opened or any card issued in connection with this offer will constitute your acceptance of and will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Business Card Agreement that will be sent to you with your card(s);(5) the cards and the Account will be used solely for business purposes and will not be used for personal, family or household purposes; (6) you and the Business are jointly and severally liable for all charges on the Account (which means that you are personally liable for all amounts due on the Account);  (7) you certify that you have the authority to permit us to issue cards containing the Business name; and (8) you understand that the terms of the Account are subject to change as provided in the Business Card Agreement.
About Your Credit Report: You agree that Barclays has the right to obtain a current consumer and business credit report in connection with our review of your Application and, subsequently, in connection with a requested charge to your Account, the renewal of your Account, or a change in your credit line; and that we have the right to report to others our credit experience with you. Upon your request, we will tell you the name and address of each credit reporting agency from which we obtained a credit report about you or your business
Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an Account. What this means to you: When you apply for an Account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents.
Omission: Omission of any information requested on this Application may result in a denial of credit.
Your Telephone Number: By providing your telephone number, at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize Barclays and its affiliates, agents and independent contractors to contact you regarding your Account at such number using any means of communication, including, but not limited to calls placed to your cell, mobile or other phone using an automated dialing service, prerecorded messages or text messages. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.
Offer Availability: This offer is available only to applicants who are permanent residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico. This offer may not be available to you if you already have a credit card account with Barclays.
 
Credit Performance: After your Account is opened, we will periodically review your credit performance. If you do not maintain your credit performance with us, we may change your Account terms.
Dispute Resolution: You agree that any dispute between us will be resolved by binding Arbitration.
Transferring Your Balances. Here's How it Works: Upon approval of your Application we will provide you with your Business Card Agreement and, to the extent permitted by your credit line, process the Balance Transfer to the credit card account which you have requested (minimum $100, maximum $20,000). Only balances from other business credit card accounts or other business related expenses may be transferred. We reserve the right to round up your requested Balance Transfer amount to the nearest whole dollar amount. The credit available on your Account will be reduced by the amount of the Balance Transfer and any related fees. Your other credit card account(s) will not be closed, even if you have paid your entire balance. You must contact the other credit card company to close your other account. We reserve the right to decline to process any Balance Transfer request. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us or our affiliates. It is possible that your credit line amount may be lower than the Balance Transfer(s) requested. If this should occur, we will process Balance Transfers up to $250 below the available credit. There is a fee for Balance Transfer unless the offer states otherwise. A Balance Transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other credit card accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the Balance Transfer appears on the other account(s) as a credit.  You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge on the other account.  If you do so, you may lose your dispute rights as to that transaction.
Information Sharing:
Barclays' Privacy Policy is available online at www.HawaiianBusinessCard.com. I agree that Barclays Bank Delaware, Hawaiian Airlines and Bank of Hawaii may share information about me and my Account to the extent needed to administer the Hawaiian Airlines® Business MasterCard® in conjunction with the Hawaiian Airlines® MasterCard® Rewards Program.
Hawaiian Airlines® Business Mastercard® Reward RulesThis document contains the official Reward Rules for the Hawaiian Airlines Business Mastercard Account ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclays", "we", "us", or "our") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Reward Rules"). Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Business Card Agreement (“Business Card Agreement”). "You", "your" or "Signing Individual" means the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Business Card Agreement.HawaiianMiles is a frequent flyer loyalty program offered by Hawaiian Airlines (the “Program”).  The 12- month period through and including your Account open date and every 12-month period through your anniversary date thereafter is the defined period known as your (“Cardmembership year”).Reward Rules AdministrationTo maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program through use of the Account:
You must maintain an open Account that is not in default under your Business Card Agreement with us (in “Good Standing”). See sections titled “HawaiianMiles Restrictions” and “HawaiianMiles Forfeiture” for more details.Your Account cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 6 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments and no purchases and/or transactions.You must use the Account only for business purpose expenses.You must pay your annual fee. Program Membership 
If you included your HawaiianMiles Program account number on your application, we will add that number to your Account automatically.If the Program account number provided on the application cannot be found (or does not match your information), or if there is no number provided on the application, then a new Program account number will be assigned toOnly one Program account will be established regardless of whether your Account is an individual Account or an Account with multiple employee cardmembers. Earning HawaiianMilesYou earn HawaiianMiles for purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any employee cardmember as follows:
Cardmembers will earn 3 HawaiianMiles for every one U.S. dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases spent directly from Hawaiian Airlines. Duty Free purchases made inflight on Hawaiian Airlines are not considered direct purchases from Hawaiian Airlines and therefore do not qualify for 3 HawaiianMiles for every one U.S. dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases.Cardmembers will earn 2 HawaiianMiles for every $1 spent on gas, office supplies, and dining Net Purchases. Such Net Purchases are as described in the section below titled “Gas, Office Supply & Dining Purchases.”Cardmembers will earn one (1) HawaiianMile for every one U.S. dollar ($1.00) spent of Net Purchases made on the Account elsewhere.Purchases must be submitted by merchants using the merchant category codes for purchases in the above specified categories to qualify for the additional HawaiianMiles. Barclays and Hawaiian Airlines are not responsible for incorrectly coded purchases.Additional HawaiianMiles may not be earned if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if a cardmember uses a mobile or digital wallet to pay for the purchase.Additionally, purchases made through third parties, including online marketplaces and resellers, or using a third-party payment account will not earn additional HawaiianMiles.Balance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, finance charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases do not earn HawaiianMiles.When a purchase is not a whole dollar amount, any amount that is equal to or greater than $0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar and any amount that is equal to or less than $0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole dollar to calculate your HawaiianMiles earned. For example, if you make a purchase in the amount of $25.50, you will be awarded 26 HawaiianMiles but if the purchase amount is $25.49, you will be awarded 25 HawaiianMiles.Gas, Office Supply & Dining PurchasesGas purchases are defined as automated fuel dispensers and service stations, as identified by the merchant category codes. Office supply store purchases are defined as stand-alone merchants that primarily sell stationery and office supplies for business consumption. Dining purchases are categorized as eating places, restaurants, bars, taverns and fast food merchants.Bonus HawaiianMilesYou will receive a one-time 50,000 HawaiianMiles bonus after you spend $1,000 in Net Purchases on your Account within ninety (90) days of Account opening. The bonus will be reflected on the billing statement for the cycle in which you have qualified to earn the bonus. Please allow 6-8 weeks for HawaiianMiles bonus miles to be deposited into your Program account after the qualifying purchase has posted to your Account. This offer may be cancelled at any time without notice.From time to time, we may offer bonuses of HawaiianMiles or other incentives to new Hawaiian Airlines Business Mastercard cardmembers in connection with an application for a new account. These bonuses and/or incentives are intended for persons who are not and have not previously been Hawaiian Airlines Business Mastercard cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new Hawaiian Airlines Business Mastercard account after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current or former Hawaiian Airlines Business Mastercard cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or reduce your HawaiianMiles by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Account for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.Redeeming HawaiianMilesHawaiian Airlines manages the Program including redemption. You can obtain information regarding the redemption options available by calling 877-426-4537 or online at hawaiianairlines.com.Important Information about HawaiianMiles
As long as the Program continues and the Account is open, active and in Good Standing, there is no limit to the total HawaiianMiles you can earn using your Account.In the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Account or violation of the Reward Rules, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding adjustments to or invalidate HawaiianMiles accrued in the Program through use of the Account, to disqualify you from participating in the Program through use of the Account, and/or to close your Account at any time. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an Account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical business account activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/opening, as determined by us in our sole discretion.All HawaiianMiles earned by you and/or any employee cardmember, through use of the Account, will be transferred to your Hawaiian Airlines Program account after the close of each billing statement. Your Program account is subject to the HawaiianMiles Program terms and conditions, located at hawaiianairlines.com, which includes expiration and forfeiture policies.If you do not receive credit for earned HawaiianMiles through use of your Account, please contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card.You have no property rights or other legal interest in HawaiianMiles. HawaiianMiles have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed. HawaiianMiles may not be assigned, transferred, or pledged, except as provided in the HawaiianMiles Share Miles section below.You are responsible for any tax liability related to participating in the Program.Participation in the Program through use of your Account is subject to all applicable laws and regulations. The sale or barter of any reward offered through the Program earned through use of the Account, other than by us, is expressly prohibited.You can view a summary of your HawaiianMiles earned through the use of your Account on your monthly Account billing statement or by logging into com. Your total Program account balance is available by calling 877-426-4537 or online at hawaiianairlines.com.Barclays is not responsible for awarding the HawaiianMiles to your Program account or for arranging or providing for any goods or services related to the use of HawaiianMiles, for any delay, failure, or refusal by Hawaiian Airlines to award or redeem HawaiianMiles, or for any decision by Hawaiian Airlines to revoke or cancel HawaiianMiles or membership in the Program. HawaiianMiles RestrictionsYou may not earn HawaiianMiles through use of the Account during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:
You, or any employee cardmember on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical business account activity and/or multiple credit card applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date.Your Account becomes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Business Card Agreement with us.HawaiianMiles ForfeitureHawaiianMiles earned through use of the Account, but not yet transferred to Hawaiian Airlines may be forfeited if any of the following occur:
You, or any employee cardmember on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical business activity and/or multiple credit card applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclays in its sole discretion.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Business Card Agreement with us.Additional Benefits of your Account  Companion Travel Discount
You are eligible to receive a single one-time 50% discount toward one published full coach round-trip fare for a companion. The one-time 50% companion discount offer is good for 13 months from the time the Account is opened and is subject to change.This discount is good on roundtrip coach travel between Hawaii and North America, booked directly with Hawaiian Airlines through your Program account.The discount will be off of one published full coach roundtrip base fare for a companion, which does not include taxes, fees or surcharges, with the purchase of one published full coach roundtrip fare. Additional taxes, fees and charges including Passenger Facility Charge, Federal Excise Taxes, Canadian VAT/GST and customs/immigration charges, as well as the September 11 Security Fee, apply to all tickets purchased and are not included in the base fare.You must be one of the passengers on the flight record. Both passengers (you and companion) must be booked for travel on the same flight record, fare and class of service, and must travel on all flight segments together.Offer must be redeemed through your Program account.Offer is valid for all Hawaiian Airlines flights between Hawaii and North America. The offer is not valid on Neighbor Island flights or international flights.Offer is not valid on codeshare flights with partner airlines.Offer is not valid on multi-city flights.Offer may not be combined with, applied to, or applied towards HawaiianMiles flight awards redeemed using HawaiianMiles.Discount has no cash value and cannot be transferred or sold.Visit HawaiianAirlines.com/MastercardDiscount for more information on how to redeem your travel discount.Standard Hawaiian Airlines eCertificate Terms and Conditions apply. See hawaiianairlines.com for complete terms. Annual Spend Bonus HawaiianMilesYou are eligible to earn a maximum of 40,000 bonus HawaiianMiles after spending $100,000 in Net Purchases within each Cardmembership Year.  Annual spend bonus HawaiianMiles are either:
20,000 bonus HawaiianMiles with $50,000-$99,999 spent in Net Purchases within each Cardmembership Year.40,000 bonus HawaiianMiles with $100,000 or greater spent in Net Purchases within each Cardmembership Year.A maximum of 40,000 annual bonus HawaiianMiles can be earned each Cardmembership Year regardless of the amount of Net Purchases made. HawaiianMiles will be applied each Cardmembership Year at the Account cycle date of your anniversary month.HawaiianMiles Share Miles 
As a Hawaiian Airlines Business Mastercard Signing Individual, you can receive HawaiianMiles from friends and family online at hawaiianairlines.com.There are no transaction fees for HawaiianMiles transfers, no charges per mile, or no minimum or maximum number of HawaiianMiles transferred to Signing Individuals.You must have a current email address on file within your Program account to receive HawaiianMiles transferred with the Share Miles program.Hawaiian Airlines Business Mastercard Signing Individuals may receive HawaiianMiles transferred from friends and family up to a maximum of ten (10) times per calendar year.The HawaiianMiles transferer must be a current HawaiianMiles Program member and may perform an unlimited amount of transfer transactions using the Share Miles program.Full terms and conditions for the sharing of HawaiianMiles are available at HawaiianAirlines.com/legal/HawaiianMiles-terms-and-conditions.HawaiianMiles Select Partners
Cardmembers may earn bonus HawaiianMiles per one dollar spent at select HawaiianMiles partners. Refer to https://www.hawaiianairlines.com/merchant-partners/hawaiianmiles-marketplace for details.Payments for purchases at select HawaiianMiles partners must be made with the Cardmember’s Hawaiian Airlines Business Mastercard.If any part of the payment is made with cash, check, or by means other than the Cardmember’s Hawaiian Airlines Business Mastercard, the cardmember will earn extra HawaiianMiles only on the amount paid with the Hawaiian Airlines Business Mastercard.HawaiianMiles will be credited only to your HawaiianMiles Program account.Please allow 6-8 weeks for HawaiianMiles to post to your HawaiianMiles Program account.Participating HawaiianMiles select partners are subject to change at any time. Visit https://www.hawaiianairlines.com/merchant-partners/hawaiianmiles-marketplace for partner listing and restrictions.Responsibility of the Parties/Information SharingHawaiian Airlines is not a party to the Business Card Agreement between you and Barclays, does not participate in any extension of credit, and has no authority regarding the Account. Barclays has no authority regarding the Program and is not responsible for any goods or services offered by Hawaiian Airlines. You authorize Barclays to share information about your Account with Hawaiian Airlines and its affiliates and authorize Hawaiian Airlines to share information about your Program membership, to the extent needed to administer the Program and the Account. You also agree that Barclays may share Account information as set forth in Barclays Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy for Barclays is available online at HawaiianBusinessCard.com.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program through use of the Account and accepting HawaiianMiles, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclays, Hawaiian Airlines, and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program through use of the Account or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program through use of the Account. Barclays has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of HawaiianMiles or your right to possess HawaiianMiles.Important General Program DisclosuresThe HawaiianMiles Program is subject to change without prior notification. Other significant terms may apply. For the most current information, visit https://www.hawaiianairlines.com/legal/hawaiianmiles-terms-and-conditions. HawaiianMiles is not a product or program of Barclays. Barclays reserves the right to correct inaccurate HawaiianMiles values represented on statements, our website and/or our mobile app, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict, or terminate the Reward Rules or any aspects or features of the Reward Rules at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be at our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply. All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners.  Barclays is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials. HawaiianMiles earned through use of the Account cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us or Hawaiian Airlines.  Customer ServiceIf you have any questions about your Account, please contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your card.     © 2018 Barclays Bank Delaware, Member FDIC.BHA_2018
 

