                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases17.49%, 21.49% or 24.49%, based on your credit
 worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for B
alance Transfers17.49%, 21.49%, or 24.49% based on your credit worthiness.This A
PR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.74%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.How to Avoid Paying I
nterest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after the close of each bi
lling cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire
 balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf you are charged in
terest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card Tips from the Consu
mer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when appl
ying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Pro
tection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. FeesAnnual Fee$150Tr
ansaction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, 
whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash adv
ance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction0% of each transaction in U.S. dol
lars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37  Returned PaymentUp to $37   How We Wil
l Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new p
urchases)".Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information about the Barcla
ys Arrival Premier World Elite Mastercard Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. 
Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how 
miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this part
icular offer before applying.Agreement: The use of any account opened in connect
ion with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Car
dmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account te
rms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subjec
t to change to the extent permitted by law.  ++Your Telephone Numbers:  By provi
ding us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter,
 you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number a
bout your account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing
 service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or c
alling charges may apply.About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age.
 This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United Stat
es,  with the exception of Iowa, and the US territories. You may not be eligible
 for this offer if you currently have or previously had an account with us in th
e Arrival, Arrival Plus and/or Arrival Premier programs. In addition, you may no
t be eligible for this offer if, at any time during our relationship with you as
 the issuer of an account in this Program, we have cause, as determined by us in
 our sole discretion, to suspect that the account is being obtained or will be u
sed for abusive or gaming activity (such as, but not limited to, obtaining or us
ing the account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent wi
th typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/op
enings). If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income
 criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is ins
ufficient based on your current obligations, we will not be able to open an acco
unt for you. Please review the materials provided with your card for details.Abo
ut Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report 
in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an accoun
t for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others o
ur credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses 
of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. About the Varia
ble APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall S
treet Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional pu
rchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 12.74%, 16.74% or 19.74% to the P
rime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99
% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs not
ed above are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rate of 4.75%.*Important Inf
ormation About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government figh
t the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires
 all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that ident
ifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply f
or an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social 
security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We ma
y also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of ci
tizenship.Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer 
please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American 
Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer
 from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your 
new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your
 creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced
 by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the
 right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process
 a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Ba
lance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfe
r the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose y
our dispute rights. Upon approval of your application we will process the reques
ted balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 1
0th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may
 cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your
 card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts.
 Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other a
ccount as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from anothe
r account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card acco
unt, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you a
re approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance 
transfer requests at any time and for any reason.Credit Limit: We do not permit 
applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for 
a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular cre
dit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prio
r to processing any balance transfer request.Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purc
hase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gamb
ling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash ad
vances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.New York Residents: New
 York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services 
by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free info
rmation on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. Notice to Ohio
 Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make
 credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporti
ng agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. 
 The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.Notice to
 Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statemen
t or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect o
ur interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agr
eement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand t
hat we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.About Us an
d This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered 
by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account 
opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the Stat
e of Delaware. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International 
Incorporated, and is used by us pursuant to a license. Express Delivery: If you 
are approved for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery a
fter your account is opened if the request for express delivery is made before 3
:00 p.m. ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00 p.m. ET delivery will
 be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and 
a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your applica
tion the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered. The information conta
ined in these disclosures is accurate as of 03/30/2018 and may change after this
 date.Privacy PolicyBarclays' Privacy Policy is available online at www.Barclayc
ardUS.com. Barclays Arrival® Premier World Elite Mastercard® Reward RulesThis do
cument contains the official Reward Rules for the Barclays Arrival Premier Accou
nt ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclays", "we", "us", or "our
") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Reward Rules") for your A
ccount reward program ("Program"). Use of your Account constitutes your acceptan
ce of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreemen
t (“Cardmember Agreement”). "You", "your" or "primary cardmember" means the pers
on who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Ru
les have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.The Privacy Po
licy for Barclays is available online at BarclaycardUS.com. Reward Rules Adminis
trationGift card/certificates and merchandise redemptions are administered by Lo
yalty Edge LLC (“Loyalty Edge”), an independent company not affiliated with Barc
lays. Loyalty Edge Terms and Conditions (“Rewards Terms &amp; Conditions”) speci
fic to the aforementioned redemptions are available at BarclaycardUS.com on the 
Shop page.To maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program through 
use of the Account:You must maintain an open Account that is not in default unde
r your Cardmember Agreement with us (in “Good Standing”). See sections titled “M
iles Restrictions” and “Miles Forfeiture” for more details.Your Account cannot h
ave been inactive for 6 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 6 mo
nths). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments and no purchases and/or
 transactions.You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other e
ntities may not participate) and use the Account only for personal, family or ho
usehold expenses. Earning MilesYou earn miles for purchases less credits, return
s and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user of th
e Account as follows:You earn 2 miles for every $1 spent on Net Purchases.Balanc
e transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as, but 
not limited to, the use of your Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s check
s, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges and unauthorize
d/fraudulent purchases do not earn miles.When a purchase is not a whole dollar a
mount, any amount that is equal to or greater than $0.50 will be rounded up to t
he nearest whole dollar and any amount that is equal to or less than $0.49 will 
be rounded down to the nearest whole dollar to calculate your miles earned. For 
example, if you make a purchase in the amount of $25.50, you will be awarded 26 
miles, but if the purchase amount is $25.49, you will be awarded 25 miles. Loyal
ty BonusYou can earn a maximum of 25,000 loyalty bonus miles after spending $25,
000 in Net Purchases during each 12 month period (“Loyalty Bonus”) through and i
ncluding your Account anniversary date (“Cardmembership Year”).You will earn 15,
000 Loyalty Bonus miles after spending $15,000 in Net Purchases during each Card
membership Year.You will earn an additional 10,000 Loyalty Bonus miles after spe
nding an additional $10,000 in Net Purchases during each Cardmembership Year (fo
r a total of 25,000 miles after $25,000 in total Net Purchases).Loyalty Bonus mi
les earned are in addition to the 2 miles earned for every $1 spent on Net Purch
ases on the Account and are added to your total miles balance.Net Purchases made
 by authorized users on the Account will count toward the primary cardmember’s L
oyalty Bonus total Net Purchases.Loyalty Bonus totals are based on the transacti
on dates of your Net Purchases, not the posting dates. The transaction date is t
he date you make a purchase and the posting date is the date a purchase is added
 to your Account balance.  Your “Trans Date” and “Posting Date” are detailed on 
your monthly statement and may or may not be the same date.  Any qualifying Net 
Purchase with a transaction date that falls within your Cardmembership Year will
 count toward your Loyalty Bonus total, regardless of the posting date of the pu
rchase. Loyalty Bonus miles will be posted to your Account within 30 days of mee
ting the spend requirement.    You can log in to your Account at BarclaycardUS.c
om to view your progress. Bonus MilesFrom time to time, we may offer bonuses of 
miles or other incentives to new Barclays Arrival Premier Mastercard cardmembers
 in connection with an application for a new account. These bonuses and/or incen
tives are intended for persons who are not and have not previously been Barclays
 Arrival Premier Mastercard cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may n
o longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new 
Barclays Arrival Premier Mastercard account after this Account is opened. If you
 receive a bonus or incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status 
as a current or former Barclays Arrival Premier Mastercard cardmember, we may re
voke the bonus or incentive, or reduce your miles by the amount of the bonus or 
incentive, or charge your Account for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, 
in our sole discretion.Redeeming MilesRedeeming miles for travel statement credi
ts offers the best value. You also have the option to redeem your miles for cash
 back statement credits, gift cards and merchandise.Redemptions start at 10,000 
miles for travel statement credits and 5,000 miles for cash back statement credi
ts and gift cards. Miles required for redemptions for merchandise vary, dependin
g on what you are redeeming for.The primary cardmember can redeem miles, either 
by phone or by logging in to their Account online. Any authorized user on the Ac
count is able to redeem miles by phone.To redeem, visit BarclaycardUS.com or cal
l the number on the back of your card.Barclays is not responsible for unauthoriz
ed redemptions on your Account.All redemptions are final. Miles can’t be returne
d, refunded, exchanged or credited, unless otherwise specified.   Travel Stateme
nt Credit Redemptions Travel purchases eligible for redemptions are defined as a
irlines, hotels, motels, timeshares, campgrounds, car rental agencies, cruise li
nes, travel agencies, discount travel sites, trains, buses, taxis, limousines an
d ferries and your Account annual fee ("Travel Purchases"). To qualify for redem
ption, Travel Purchases must be submitted by merchants using the eligible mercha
nt category codes for the above categories. Barclays is not responsible for inco
rrectly coded Travel Purchases.Redemptions for travel statement credits start at
 10,000 miles for $100 toward any qualifying Travel Purchase of $100 or more mad
e within the last 120 days.If you do not have enough miles available to redeem f
or the full Travel Purchase amount, you will only be able to redeem within $25 i
ncrements between $100 and $2,000.If you redeem your miles for a statement credi
t, the credit will be posted to your Account within 1-2 business days and will a
ppear on your Account billing statement within 1 billing cycle.Statement credits
 reduce your Account balance but cannot be applied toward any minimum payment re
quirement and are otherwise subject to the terms and conditions applicable to yo
ur Account. Cash Back Statement Credit RedemptionsRedemptions for cash back stat
ement credits start at 5,000 miles for $25.If you redeem your miles for a statem
ent credit, the credit will be posted to your Account within 1-2 business days a
nd will appear on your Account billing statement within 1 billing cycle.Statemen
t credits reduce your Account balance but cannot be applied toward any minimum p
ayment requirement and are otherwise subject to the terms and conditions applica
ble to your Account. Gift Card/Certificate RedemptionsRedemptions for gift cards
 start at 5,000 miles for $25.The selection of gift cards are subject to availab
ility and the number of miles needed to redeem for them may change at any time.T
erms of gift cards and/or certificate redemptions are subject to the rules of th
e merchant and may be viewed online at BarclaycardUS.com at the time of redempti
on. Each merchant/provider has the right to place restrictions on the use of its
 gift cards or gift certificates. Gift cards or gift certificates are not exchan
geable, refundable, transferable or redeemable for cash, cannot be replaced if l
ost or stolen and are void where prohibited.Additional terms and restrictions ap
ply. For complete details, you can review the Rewards Terms &amp; Conditions at 
BarclaycardUS.com on the Shop page. Merchandise RedemptionsMiles required for re
demptions for merchandise vary, depending on what you are redeeming for.The sele
ction of merchandise items are subject to availability and the number of miles n
eeded to redeem them may change at any time.Any purchase, price and return prote
ction and extended warranty coverage associated with your Account are not applic
able to rewards. The manufacturer’s warranty, if any, applies to items offered. 
Please check product terms and conditions online at BarclaycardUS.com at the tim
e of redemption for additional product information details.Velvet Glove delivery
 is available on select products. Additional details are available online at Bar
claycardUS.com at the time of redemption.Additional terms and restrictions apply
. For complete details, you can review the Rewards Terms &amp; Conditions at Bar
claycardUS.com on the Shop page. Merchandise Return PolicyMerchandise is nonrefu
ndable and nonreturnable.Mail Delivery: If the merchandise you received is damag
ed or defective, you must contact the Customer Service number on the back of you
r card immediately and the merchandise must be returned within 30 days of delive
ry. No exchanges or returns are accepted after 30 days. Products must be in thei
r original packaging. All parts must be included in the package before credit wi
ll be issued or a replacement of the damaged or defective merchandise will be sh
ipped.Velvet Glove Delivery: Should you find an issue with the merchandise, you 
should refuse the delivery, ask the carrier to re-package and remove the merchan
dise from your premises, and contact the Customer Service number on the back of 
your card. Once you accept delivery, no refunds, exchanges, or replacements will
 be allowed. Miles TransferMiles required for miles transfer redemptions vary, d
epending on what you are redeeming for.The selection of miles transfer partners 
are subject to availability and the number of miles needed to redeem them may ch
ange at any time.You may only transfer miles if you are a primary cardmember, an
d only to a participating travel loyalty program account belonging to you.The tr
avel loyalty program membership number you provide when you request a miles tran
sfer and the name on your Account must match those on file with the travel loyal
ty program. Any difference between these details and those on file with the trav
el loyalty program can cause delays or prevent miles from transferring successfu
lly. We will inform you if your request cannot be completed.Most miles transfer 
requests are processed within 3 business days, but it may take up to 15 business
 days depending on the travel loyalty program.All miles transfers are final and 
cannot be reversed or refunded.Once transferred, your miles become subject to th
e terms and conditions of the travel loyalty program you have selected. We are n
ot affiliated with the travel loyalty programs. We make no representation about 
any services provided by the travel loyalty program(s), nor are we responsible f
or the rules set by the travel loyalty program(s) governing the redemption of re
wards.Additional terms and restrictions apply. Complete details are available at
 BarclaycardUS.com on the Miles Transfer page. You must agree to the miles trans
fer Rewards Terms &amp; Conditions to complete miles transfer redemptions. Globa
l Entry Application Fee CreditGlobal Entry Membership allows international trave
lers expedited entry upon arrival in the United States. Once approved, Global En
try members can use automated kiosks in most major U.S. airports, rather than ha
ving to go through the traditional arrival process.There is a $100 application f
ee payable to U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), which administers the pr
ogram.Global Entry membership also includes access to the TSA PreCheck program w
ith no additional application or fee required. If approved for TSA PreCheck, tra
velers are not guaranteed expedited screening every time. TSA uses unpredictable
 security measures, both seen and unseen, throughout the airport. All travelers 
will be screened, and no individual is guaranteed expedited screening.The primar
y cardmember will receive one statement credit for the $100 application fee ever
y five years, once the fee is charged to the Account. Please allow 2–3 weeks for
 the credit to appear on your statement.The ability to receive a $100 applicatio
n fee credit will reset once every 5 years.Barclays does not have control over t
he application and/or approval process for Global Entry nor has access to any in
formation provided to the government by the Cardmember or by the government to t
he Cardmember. Barclays has no liability regarding the Global Entry program. CBP
 charges an application fee to process the application regardless of whether the
 Cardmember’s application is approved.For additional information on the Global E
ntry program, including information regarding the application and/or approval pr
ocess (including restrictions and eligibility requirements) and for a list of pa
rticipating airlines and airports, as well as the full terms and conditions of t
he program, please go to globalentry.gov.The Global Entry program is subject to 
change, and we have no control over those changes. Important Information about M
ilesAs long as the Program continues and the Account is open, active and in Good
 Standing, there is no limit to the total miles you can earn and your miles will
 not expire.In the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity related t
o the Account or violation of the Reward Rules, as determined by us in our sole 
discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding adjustments to or invalid
ate miles accrued in the Program through use of the Account, to disqualify you f
rom participating in the Program through use of the Account, and/or to close you
r Account at any time. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, 
obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not
 consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account a
pplications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You will have 6
0 days from the Account closure date to redeem any outstanding miles, as long as
 your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of t
he Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure.All miles earned b
y the primary cardmember and any authorized user will be added to the primary ca
rdmember’s miles balance.If you do not receive credit for earned miles, please c
ontact the Customer Service number on the back of your card.You have no property
 rights or other legal interest in miles. Miles amounts have no cash value or va
lue of any kind until they are fully redeemed.Miles may not be transferred or as
signed.The Program is subject to all applicable laws and regulations.You are sol
ely responsible for any taxes that may be owed as a result of miles earned and/o
r redeemed. Please consult your tax advisor if you have tax questions about the 
Program. Barclays does not provide tax advice.You can view your current miles ba
lance at BarclaycardUS.com and a summary of your miles on your monthly Account b
illing statement. Miles RestrictionsYou may not earn or redeem miles through use
 of the Account during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:You, 
or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through th
e use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gami
ng conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activi
ty includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewar
ds earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/
or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in ou
r sole discretion.You fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due da
te.Your Account becomes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under yo
ur Cardmember Agreement with us. Miles ForfeitureMiles earned through use of the
 Account may be forfeited if any of the following occur:You, or any authorized u
ser on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Accou
nt or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as dete
rmined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but no
t limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a mann
er that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit 
card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Y
our Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclays in its sole 
discretion.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement 
with us.You or we close your Account for any reason. You will have 60 days from 
the Account closure date to redeem any outstanding miles, as long as your Accoun
t was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward Ru
les had occurred at or before the time of closure. Limitation and Release of Lia
bilityBy participating in the Program and accepting and using miles earned throu
gh the Program, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give
 the benefits from the Program) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclays,  
and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administr
ators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims,
 damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, a
rising out of participation in the Program or travel taken or use of products pu
rchased in connection with the Program. Barclays and Loyalty Edge are not respon
sible for unauthorized redemptions on your Account. Barclays has no liability in
 case of disagreement over issuance of miles or items received through redemptio
ns or a cardmember’s right to possess miles or make redemptions.Important Genera
l Program DisclosuresBarclays reserves the right to correct inaccurate miles val
ues represented on statements, our website and/or our mobile app, at our sole di
scretion.   We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict or terminat
e the Program or any aspects or features of the Program at any time without prio
r notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be at our sole discretio
n. Other significant terms may apply. All trademarks and service marks belong to
 their respective owners. We are not responsible for typographical errors or omi
ssions in this document, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials. Miles 
cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically au
thorized by us.Customer ServiceIf you have any questions about the Program, plea
se contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your card.     © 201
8 Barclays Bank Delaware, member FDIC                        