Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

17.24%, 22.24% or 27.24%, based on your credit worthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers

0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles following each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.
After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account opening) your APR will be 17.24%, 22.24%, or 27.24% based on your credit worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

27.49%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases

Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

Minimum Interest Charge

If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

 
Fees
Annual Fee

$0

Transaction Fees:

 

Balance Transfer

Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Cash Advance

Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction

0% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.

Penalty Fees:

 

Late Payment

Up to $39 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

Returned Payment

Up to $39 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

 
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)".
 
Terms and Conditions Continued:
Important Information about the RCI Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.

Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $39  (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $39 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).
Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  
++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.
About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations, we may be unable to open an account for you. Please review the materials provided with your card for details.    
About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. 
About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 11.74%, 16.74% or 21.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 02/28/2019 using a Prime Rate of 5.5%.

*Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.
Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.
Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.
Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this introductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your account each month.
Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.
Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. 
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.
About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated, and is used by us pursuant to a license. 
Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.
The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 02/28/2019 and may change after this date.
Information Sharing:
Barclays' Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaysUS.com. I agree that RCI and Barclays may share information about me and my account to the extent necessary to administer the RCI Elite Rewards Program in conjunction with the RCI Elite Rewards Mastercard.
RCI® Elite Rewards® Mastercard® REWARD RULES
This document contains the official Reward Rules for the RCI® Elite Rewards® Mastercard® Account ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclays", "we", "us", or "our") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Reward Rules") for your Account rewards program ("Program"). Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement (“Cardmember Agreement”). "You", "your" or "primary cardmember" means the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.
Barclays is solely responsible for establishing these Account Reward Rules and for communicating with RCI as described below to administer the Account Rewards Rules. Certain of the benefits are fulfilled by RCI and are not a product or program of Barclays.
Barclays and RCI are responsible for establishing the rules of your participation in the Program and Barclays is responsible for the administration and maintenance of the Program.
Barclays and RCI reserve the right to modify, amend or terminate the Program without prior notification.
The Program is a separate program and has no relationship in any way with the RCI Points® exchange program.
Reward Rules AdministrationThe Account Reward Rules are administered by Barclays located in Wilmington, DE. We reserve the right to modify, amend or terminate the Reward Rules at any time with or without notice. You can review current Reward Rules any time by logging in to your Account at BarclaysUS.com.
Gift card/certificates, merchandise, travel, RCI Member RewardsSM, charitable donations and experiences redemptions are administered by Meridian Loyalty, (“Meridian Loyalty”) an independent company not affiliated with Barclays or RCI. Meridian Loyalty’s Terms and Conditions (“Rewards Terms & Conditions”) specific to the aforementioned redemptions are available at BarclaysUS.com on the Shop page.
To maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program through use of the Account:
You must maintain an open Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (in “Good Standing”). See sections titled “Rewards Restrictions” and “Rewards Forfeiture” for more details.You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Account only for personal, family or household expenses.Earning RewardsYou earn Rewards for purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user of the Account as follows:
You earn five (5) Rewards for each one dollar ($1.00) in Net Purchases made with the Account on eligible RCI products and services (excluding RCI Travel, RCI Points Partners, RCI Cruise, Lifestyle Benefits, and Experiential Vacation purchases). A complete list of inclusions can be found on RCI’s website at RCI.com.You earn two (2) Rewards for every one dollar ($1.00) in Net Purchases made with the Account on eligible travel, as described in the section below titled “Travel Purchases”.You earn one (1) Reward for every one dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases made with the Account everywhere else. Eligible net timeshare resort maintenance and other fees and timeshare purchases (including down payments) will earn one (1) Reward per one dollar ($1.00).Purchases must be submitted by merchants using the merchant category codes for purchases in the above specified categories to qualify for the additional Rewards. Barclays and RCI are not responsible for incorrectly coded purchases. Additional Rewards may not be earned if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet to pay for the purchase. Additionally, purchases made through third parties, including online marketplaces and resellers, or using a third-party payment account will not earn additional Rewards.Balance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases do not earn Rewards.These Rewards are separate from and bear no relation to RCI Points® and cannot be interchanged with any RCI Points® allocated through the RCI Points® exchange program.Travel PurchasesTravel purchases and redemptions are defined as Airlines, Hotels, Motels, Campgrounds, Car Rental Agencies, Cruise Lines, Travel Agencies, Discount Travel Sites, Trains, Buses, Taxis, Limousines, and Ferries, as identified by the merchant category codes.  Purchases must be submitted by merchants using the merchant category codes for purchases in these categories to qualify as Travel Purchases. Neither RCI nor Barclays are responsible for incorrectly coded purchases.
Bonus RewardsYou will receive a one-time bonus of 2,500 Rewards after your first purchase. The bonus will be awarded within 60 days of the first purchase. This offer may be canceled at any time without notice.From time to time, we may offer bonuses of Rewards or other incentives to new RCI Elite Rewards Mastercard cardmembers in connection with an application for a new account. These bonuses and/or incentives are intended for persons who are not and have not previously been RCI Elite Rewards Mastercard cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new RCI Elite Rewards Mastercard account after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current or former RCI Elite Rewards Mastercard cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or reduce your Rewards by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Account for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.
Redeeming Rewards
You have the option to redeem your Rewards for RCI Member RewardsSM, cash back direct deposit to a U.S. checking or savings account, statement credits, gift cards/gift certificates, merchandise or experiences, travel redemptions (airfare, hotel and car rentals) and charitable donations.Redemptions for RCI Member RewardsSM start at 2,500 Rewards for a $25.00 credit into your RCI Subscribing Member account and you may apply that credit to pay for certain RCI products and services. See “RCI Member RewardsSM Redemptions” section below for details.Cash back direct deposit into a U.S. checking or savings account, and cash back statement credit redemptions start at 2,500 Rewards for $25.00.Travel, which includes hotel stays, car rentals and airfare redemptions start at 2,500 Rewards for $18.75 in travel booking credits.Charitable donation and experience redemptions start at 2,500 Rewards for $17.50, and are redeemed in the form of gift card/certificate credits. See the “Gift Card/Gift Certificate Redemptions” section below for details.Gift card, gift certificate and merchandise redemption minimums vary based on the item you are redeeming for. See the “Gift Card/Gift Certificate Redemptions” section below for details.The primary cardmember can redeem Rewards, either by phone or by logging in to their Account online. Any authorized user on the Account is able to redeem Rewards by phone.To redeem, visit BarclaysUS.com or call the number on the back of your card.Barclays is not responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your Account.All redemptions are final. Rewards cannot be returned, refunded, exchanged or credited, unless otherwise specified.RCI Member RewardsSM Redemptions
In order to redeem Rewards for RCI Member RewardsSM, you must have a current RCI Subscribing Member account.Redemption of Rewards for RCI Member RewardsSM is available in increments of $25, $50, $75, $100, $200, $300 and $400.  The balance of Rewards after completing the redemption will remain in the Rewards total for use toward a future redemption.RCI Member RewardsSM values are subject to change, and Barclays and RCI reserve the right to change the values at any time, in their sole discretion.  RCI Member RewardsSM are issued in the specified amount, which will appear as a credit to the cardmember's designated RCI Subscribing Member account within 3 business days and you may apply that credit to pay for certain RCI products and services.Certain rules, restrictions and exclusions may apply to the use of RCI Member RewardsSM in connection with the RCI Subscribing Member account (e.g., RCI Member RewardsSM may not be used for RCI Travel, RCI Points Partner, RCI Cruise, Lifestyle Benefits, Experiential Vacations, and timeshare resort maintenance fees).   Please see RCI.com for details.Cash Back Redemptions
Redemptions for cash back statement credits start at 2,500 Rewards.If you redeem your Rewards for a statement credit, the credit will be posted to your Account within 1-2 business days and will appear on your Account billing statement within 1 billing cycle.Statement credits reduce your Account balance but cannot be applied toward any minimum payment requirement and are otherwise subject to the terms and conditions applicable to your Account.Bank deposit redemptions will be transferred to the requested U.S. checking or savings account within 3-4 business days.There is a $500 daily limit for bank deposit redemptions.Gift Card/Gift Certificate Redemptions
The selection of gift cards and/or gift certificates is subject to availability and the number of Rewards needed to redeem for them may change at any time.Terms of gift cards and/or gift certificate redemptions are subject to the rules of the merchant and may be viewed online at BarclaysUS.com at the time of redemption. Each merchant/provider has the right to place restrictions on the use of its gift cards or gift certificates. Gift cards or gift certificates are not exchangeable, refundable, transferable or redeemable for cash, cannot be replaced if lost or stolen and are void where prohibited.Additional terms and restrictions apply. For complete details, you can review the Rewards Terms & Conditions at BarclaysUS.com on the Shop page.Merchandise Redemptions
The selection of merchandise items is subject to availability and the number of Rewards needed to redeem them may change at any time.Any purchase, price and return protection and extended warranty coverage associated with your Account are not applicable to rewards. The manufacturer’s warranty, if any, applies to items offered. Please check product terms and conditions online at BarclaysUS.com at the time of redemption for additional product information details.Velvet Glove delivery is available on select products. Additional details are available online at BarclaysUS.com at the time of redemption.Additional terms and restrictions apply. For complete details, you can review the Rewards Terms & Conditions at BarclaysUS.com on the Shop page.Merchandise Return Policy
Merchandise is nonrefundable and nonreturnable.Mail Delivery: If the merchandise you received is damaged or defective, you must contact the customer service number on the back of your card immediately and the merchandise must be returned within 30 days of delivery. No exchanges or returns are accepted after 30 days. Products must be in their original packaging. All parts must be included in the package before credit will be issued or a replacement of the damaged or defective merchandise will be shipped.Velvet Glove Delivery: Should you find an issue with the merchandise, you should refuse the delivery, ask the carrier to re-package and remove the merchandise from your premises, and contact the customer service number on the back of your card. Once you accept delivery, no refunds, exchanges, or replacements will be allowed.Travel Redemptions
Redemptions for travel start at 2,500 Rewards.You may redeem Rewards for airfare, hotel and car rentals when you book through Meridian Loyalty at BarclaysUS.com or by calling the Customer Service number on the back of your card. All air travel must be booked through Meridian Loyalty. No other travel agency may be used for these offers. You may redeem Rewards for a scheduled ticket on a participating major airline carrier, provided that the fares and schedules are found on, and the ability to generate a ticket (electronic or paper) is possible through the Global Distribution System (GDS). GDS provides the same flights and fares available to travel agencies, but lower fares may be available elsewhere, e.g. from charters, wholesalers, consolidators and any Internet fares that are not published and/or available through GDS.All airline bookings are final and non-refundable. If you wish to cancel a booking, you will forfeit your Rewards redeemed for that booking and may incur additional supplier fees.Barclays, RCI and Meridian Loyalty are not responsible for the performance of any airline, communication of airline schedule changes or any other changes made by the airline. Airline reservations should be reconfirmed by the primary cardmember or designated traveler at least 72 hours prior to departure. All reservations are subject to the conditions of carriage, supply or business of the service provider, which include exclusions and limitations of liability. The primary cardmember or designated traveler is responsible for obtaining a valid government-issued photo ID and the appropriate international travel documentation such as passports and visas.There are no restrictions or blackout dates for eligible or participating airfare reward redemptions available on GDS.For complete details, you can review the Rewards Terms & Conditions at BarclaysUS.com on the Travel page.The primary cardmember can redeem Rewards, either by phone or by logging in to their Account online. Any authorized user on the Account is able to redeem Rewards by phone.To redeem, visit BarclaysUS.com or call the number on the back of your card.Barclays is not responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your Account.All redemptions are final. Rewards can’t be returned, refunded, exchanged or credited, unless otherwise specified.Additional Benefits$250 Credit Towards an RCI Vacation (“Vacation Credit”)You may earn one (1) $250 Vacation Credit after spending $10,000 in Net Purchases each calendar year.  All Net Purchases must be made using the Account from January 1st through December 31st each calendar year. The Vacation Credit can be used towards one (1) vacation stay (maximum seven (7) nights) at select RCI inventory, subject to availability.  Once the $10,000 in Net Purchases threshold is met, you understand and agree that you will receive an email from RCI with a link to a website where you will redeem your Vacation Credit.  The email will be sent to the email address on file with your Account within 6-8 weeks of meeting the threshold. The Vacation Credit can only be redeemed on the website provided in the email and is not valid for use on any other RCI or RCI-affiliated websites.  You must click the link within the email and complete the required information on the website, inclusive of accepting the terms and conditions, within 30 days of receipt of the email, which activates your account. You will have thirteen (13) months from the date of the RCI email to redeem the Vacation Credit towards the purchase of an available RCI vacation. Purchases made by authorized users will count towards your qualifying Net Purchases. Limit of 1 (one) Vacation Credit per Account can be earned each calendar year, regardless of Net Purchases. The $250 Vacation Credit cannot be combined with any future Vacation Credits earned through your Account. The Vacation Credit has no cash value. Further information and terms and conditions for the Vacation Credit are available at RCI.com.
5% Bonus on Rewards Redemptions
You will earn 5% of your Rewards back as a redemption bonus, to use toward your next redemption, every time you redeem.For example, if you redeem 40,000 Rewards, you will receive 2,000 Rewards as a bonus to use toward your next redemption.Redemption bonus Rewards are added to your Account within one (1) business day after your redemption is processed.Redemption bonus Rewards are earned every time you redeem, regardless of whether you redeem for RCI Member RewardsSM travel, cash back statement credits, gift cards and/or merchandise.When redemption bonus Rewards are not earned in a whole amount, any fraction equal to or greater than 0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole, and any fraction equal to or less than 0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole. For example, if a cardmember redeems 40,123 Rewards, the redemption bonus of 2,006.15 Rewards will be rounded to 2,006 Rewards, and if a cardmember redeems 40,890 Rewards, the redemption bonus of 2,044.50 Rewards will be rounded to 2,045 Rewards for the purposes of rewards calculations.Important Information about Rewards
As long as the Program continues and the Account is open, active and in Good Standing, there is no limit to the total Rewards you can earn.Rewards will expire on the Account billing cycle date in April, July, October and January, four (4) years from the date the Rewards originally posted to your Account billing statement. Rewards posted to your Account billing statement in January, February and March will expire in April. Rewards posted to your Account billing statement in April, May and June will expire in July.  Rewards posted to your Account billing statement in July, August and September will expire in October.  Rewards posted to your Account billing statement in October, November and December will expire in January.  Rewards once expired cannot be returned, refunded or credited.In the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Account or violation of the Reward Rules, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding adjustments to or invalidate Rewards accrued in the Program through use of the Account, to disqualify you from participating in the Program through use of the Account, and/or to close your Account at any time. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You will have 60 days from the Account closure date to redeem any outstanding Rewards as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure. Rewards will continue to expire once your Account is closed and cannot be redeemed once expired.All Rewards earned by the primary cardmember and any authorized user will be added to the primary cardmember’s Rewards balance.If you do not receive credit for earned Rewards, please contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card.You have no property rights or other legal interest in Rewards. Reward amounts have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed.Rewards may not be sold, bartered, transferred, pledged or assigned.The Program is subject to all applicable laws and regulations.You are solely responsible for any taxes that may be owed as a result of Rewards earned and/or redeemed. Please consult your tax advisor if you have tax questions about the Program. Barclays does not provide tax advice.You can view your current Rewards balance at BarclaysUS.com and a summary of your Rewards on your monthly Account billing statement.Rewards RestrictionsYou may not earn or redeem Rewards through use of the Account during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date.Your Account becomes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.Rewards ForfeitureRewards earned through use of the Account may be forfeited if any of the following occur:
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclays in its sole discretion.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.You or we close your Account for any reason. You will have 60 days from the Account closure date to redeem any outstanding Rewards, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure.Responsibility of the Parties/Information SharingRCI is not a party to the Cardmember Agreement between you and Barclays, does not participate in any extension of credit, has no authority regarding the Account and is not responsible for any goods or services offered by Barclays. Barclays is not responsible for any goods or services offered by RCI.
In accordance with Barclays’ Privacy Policy, you authorize Barclays to share information about your Account with RCI and its affiliates, and Meridian Loyalty. You also authorize RCI to share information with Barclays, to the extent needed to administer the Program and in accordance with RCI’s Privacy Policy.  You also authorize Meridian Loyalty to share information with Barclays and RCI, to the extent needed to administer the Program. The Privacy Policy for Barclays is available online at BarclaysUS.com. The Privacy Policy for RCI is available online at RCI.com.  
Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program through use of the Account and accepting and using Rewards earned through the Program, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclays, RCI and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program. Barclays, RCI and Meridian Loyalty are not responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your Account. Barclays has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of Rewards or items received through redemptions or a cardmember’s right to possess Rewards or make redemptions.
Important General Program DisclosuresBarclays reserves the right to correct inaccurate Rewards values represented on statements, our website and/or our mobile app, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict or terminate the Program or any aspects or features of the Program at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be at our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply. All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials. Rewards cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us.
RCI and related marks are registered trademarks and/or service marks in the United States and internationally. The RCI Elite Rewards Mastercard is issued by Barclays pursuant to a license by Mastercard International Incorporated.  Mastercard is a registered trademark, and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard  International Incorporated.
Customer Service If you have any questions about the Program, please contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your card.     
© 2019 Barclays Bank Delaware, Member FDIC.
RCI_RCC_March2019                                                                 BAR-7053-3
 
 
 

