Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

15.99%, 21.99% or 28.99%, based on your credit worthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers

15.99%, 21.99%, or 28.99% based on your credit worthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

29.24%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases

Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

Minimum Interest Charge

If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

 
Fees
Annual Fee

$0

Transaction Fees:

 

Balance Transfer

Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Cash Advance

Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction

3% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.

Penalty Fees:

 

Late Payment

Up to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

Returned Payment

Up to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

 
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)".
Terms and Conditions Continued:
Important Information about the Barclaycard Visa with Apple Rewards Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.
Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).
The Annual Percentage Rate (APR) For Your Initial Apple Purchase(s)
1. If your total Apple purchases made within the first 30 days equal less than $499.00**:Qualifying Apple purchases that post to your account for less than $499 (a “Deferred Financing Purchase”) will receive a 180 day (approximately 6 months) no interest /deferred financing promotion for which interest will be deferred for 180  days provided that timely payments are made on the account and the Deferred Financing Purchase is paid in full on or before the 180th day after the applicable purchase date (such end date the “Promotional End Date”). If the Deferred Financing Purchase is not paid in full by the Promotional End Date or if you make a late payment, interest charges will be assessed for the entire promotional period at the then applicable rate for Purchases during the promotional period (currently a 15.99%, 21.99% or 28.99% variable rate, based on your credit worthiness). This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.  
2. If your total Apple purchases made within the first 30 days are greater than or equal to $499.00** but less than $999.00**:Qualifying Apple purchases that post to your account for $499-$998.99 (a “Deferred Financing Purchase”) will receive a 365 day (approximately 12 months) no interest /deferred financing promotion for which interest will be deferred for 365 days provided that timely payments are made on the account and the Deferred Financing Purchase is paid in full on or before the 365th day after the applicable purchase date (such end date the “Promotional End Date”). If the Deferred Financing Purchase is not paid in full by the Promotional End Date or if you make a late payment, interest charges will be assessed for the entire promotional period at the then applicable rate for Purchases during the promotional period (currently a 15.99%, 21.99% or 28.99% variable rate, based on your credit worthiness). This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.    
3. If your total Apple purchases made within the first 30 days equal $999.00 or more**:Qualifying Apple purchases that post to your account for $999 or more (a “Deferred Financing Purchase”) will receive a 540 day (approximately 18 months) no interest /deferred financing promotion for which interest will be deferred for 540 days provided that timely payments are made on the account and the Deferred Financing Purchase is paid in full on or before the 540th day after the applicable purchase date (such end date the “Promotional End Date”). If the Deferred Financing Purchase is not paid in full by the Promotional End Date or if you make a late payment, interest charges will be assessed for the entire promotional period at the then applicable rate for Purchases during the promotional period (currently a 15.99%, 21.99% or 28.99% variable rate, based on your credit worthiness). This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
4. **What is a Qualifying Apple Purchase: The promotional financing offer applies to purchases made only at the Apple Online Store, Apple Store or 1-800-MY-APPLE within the first 30 days of account opening.
**IMPORTANT : Purchases made at apple.com, Apple Stores or 1-800-MY-APPLE are billed to your account when the merchandise is available and shipped to you. If a partial order that is shipped and billed to your account is an amount that is less than $999 then your account will not initially be given the 18 month promotional deferred interest offer and instead your initial statements will reflect the promotional offer described above for a transaction that is less than $999. Barclaycard will monitor your account and will aggregate the total dollar amount spent at apple.com, Apple Stores or 1-800-MY-APPLE within the first 30 days after the opening of your new account.  If it is determined that the amount is $999 or more, you will receive the 18 month deferred financing promotional offer on all qualifying Apple purchases.  If the total amount is greater than or equal to $499 and less than $999, you will receive the 12 month deferred financing promotional offer on all qualifying Apple purchases.  If the total amount is less than $499, you will receive the 6 month deferred financing promotional offer on all qualifying Apple purchases.  This adjustment will occur no later than your 2nd or 3rd billing statement.
Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  You agree that if you are not approved for a Signature account you may be approved for a Platinum account.
++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.
About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations,    we may be unable to open an account for you, or you may receive a Platinum card. Platinum benefits differ from Signature benefits. Please review the materials provided with your card for details. 
About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. 
About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 10.74%, 16.74% or 23.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 23.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 10/31/2018 using a Prime Rate of 5.25%.

*Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.
Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.
Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.
Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.
Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods.
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.
About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.  Visa is a registered trademark of VISA USA, Inc. and is used by us pursuant to a license.
The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 10/31/2018 and may change after this date.
Information Sharing:
Barclaycard's Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. In addition, Apple and Barclaycard may share my name, contact information and experiential and transaction information, as well as information necessary to administer the Barclaycard Visa with Apple Rewards in conjunction with the Barclaycard Visa with Apple Rewards Card.
BARCLAYCARD VISA® WITH APPLE REWARDS REWARD RULES
This document contains the official Reward Rules for the Barclaycard Visa with Apple Rewards Account ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclays", "we", "us", or "our") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Reward Rules") for your Account reward program ("Program"). Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement (“Cardmember Agreement”). "You", "your" or "primary cardmember" means the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.
The Privacy Policy for Barclays is available online at BarclaysUS.com. You agree that Barclays and Apple will share information to the extent needed to administer the Program.
Reward Rules AdministrationTo maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program through use of the Account:
You must maintain an open Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (in “Good Standing”). See sections titled “Points Restrictions” and “Points Forfeiture” for more details.Your Account cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 6 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments and no purchases and/or transactions.You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Account only for personal, family or household expenses.Earning PointsYou earn points for purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user of the Account as follows:
You earn 3 points for every $1.00 spent on Net Purchases made at apple.com, Apple Stores, 1-800-MY-APPLE and App Store & iTunes.You earn 2 points for every $1.00 spent on Net Purchases at restaurants. Qualifying restaurant purchases are defined as: Restaurants and Fast Food restaurants, as identified by the merchant category codes.You earn 1 point for every $1.00 spent on all other Net Purchases.Purchases must be submitted by merchants using the merchant category codes for purchases in the specified categories to qualify for the additional points. Barclays and Apple are not responsible for incorrectly coded purchases. Additional points may not be earned if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet to pay for the purchase. Additionally, purchases made through third parties, including online marketplaces and resellers, or using third-party payment account will not earn additional points.Balance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases do not earn points.When a purchase is not a whole dollar amount, any amount that is equal to or greater than $0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar and any amount that is equal to or less than $0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole dollar to calculate your points earned. For example, if you make a purchase in the amount of $25.50, you will be awarded 26 points, but if the purchase amount is $25.49, you will be awarded 25 points.Bonus Points
You will receive a one-time bonus award of 5,000 points upon first use of the Account for a Net Purchase.  Bonus points will be posted at the close of the first billing statement after the qualifying purchase is made.  First Use Bonus Award is only available for new cardmembers who apply through this offer.  The 5,000 points will automatically be redeemed for two (2) $25 Apple Store Gift Cards if you did not update your gift card preferences. From time to time, we may offer bonuses of points or other incentives to new Barclaycard Visa with Apple Rewards cardmembers in connection with an application for a new account. These bonuses and /or incentives are intended for persons who are not and have not previously been Barclaycard Visa with Apple Rewards cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new Barclaycard Visa with Apple Rewards account after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current or former Barclaycard Visa with Apple Rewards cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or reduce your points by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Account for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.
Redeeming Points
You will automatically be issued either Apple Store or App Store & iTunes Gift Cards and your points will automatically be redeemed based upon the threshold you selected for your gift card preferences. If you did not update your gift card preferences, you will automatically be issued a $25 Apple Store Gift Card by mail each time you accumulate 2,500 points.You can modify gift card preferences such as delivery method or denomination whenever you’d like by contacting the Barclays Customer Service phone number on the back of your credit card or logging in to your Account at BarclaysUS.com. Any changes to the denomination selection will impact the amount of points required for the gift card (2,500 points equals a $25 gift card, 5,000 points equals a $50 gift card or 10,000 points equals $100 gift card).Gift cards by mail will be sent to the billing address associated with your Account within 7 to 14 business days after your billing statement in which you earned the gift card. If you switch your delivery method to electronic delivery, the gift card will be sent to the email address of record with Barclays within 24 hours after your billing statement in which you earned the gift card.Gift cards do not expire once awarded.Gift cards cannot be replaced if lost or stolen.Gift cards are valid within the United States only.All redemptions are final. Points gift cards can’t be returned, refunded, exchanged or credited, unless otherwise specified.Important Information about Points 
As long as the Program continues and the Account is open, active and in Good Standing, there is no limit to the total points you can earn and your points will not expire.In the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Account or violation of the Reward Rules, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding adjustments to or invalidate points accrued in the Program through use of the Account, to disqualify you from participating in the Program through use of the Account, and/or to close your Account at any time. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.When your Account is closed, if you have enough points for a gift card, it will be automatically sent to you based on your delivery preferences, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure.All points earned by the primary cardmember and any authorized user will be added to the primary cardmember’s points balance.If you do not receive credit for earned points, please contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card.You have no property rights or other legal interest in points. Point amounts have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed.Points may not be transferred or assigned.The Program is subject to all applicable laws and regulations.You are solely responsible for any taxes that may be owed as a result of points earned and/or redeemed. Please consult your tax advisor if you have tax questions about the Program. Barclays does not provide tax advice.You can view your current points balance at BarclaysUS.com and a summary of your points on your monthly Account billing statement.Point RestrictionsYou may not earn or redeem points through use of the Account during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date.Your Account becomes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.Points ForfeiturePoints earned through use of the Account may be forfeited if any of the following occur:
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclays in its sole discretion.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.When your Account is closed, if you have enough points for a gift card it will be automatically sent to you based on your delivery preferences, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program and accepting and using points earned through the Program, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclays, Apple and their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program. Barclays has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of points or items received through redemptions or a cardmember’s right to possess points. Apple is not responsible for any loss or damage resulting from lost or stolen gift cards or use without your permission. All rights reserved. Apple and its licensees, affiliates, and licensors make no warranties, express or implied, with respect to prepaid gift cards or the Apple Store and disclaim any warranty to the fullest extent available. These limitations may not apply to you. Void where prohibited. Not for resale. Subject to full terms and conditions, available at https://www.apple.com/us/go/legal/gc for Apple Store Gift Card and https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/giftcards/us/terms.html for App Store & iTunes Gift Card. Content purchased from the Apple Store is for personal lawful use only. Don’t steal music.
Important General Program DisclosuresBarclays reserves the right to correct inaccurate points values represented on statements, our website and/or our mobile app, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict or terminate the Program or any aspects or features of the Program at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be at our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply. Apple, Apple Store and App Store &iTunes are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials. Points cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us.
Customer Service If you have any questions about the Program, please contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your card.     
©2018 Barclays Bank Delaware, member FDIC
APS _APL4_7/2018
 

