                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases17.49%, 21.49% or 26.49%, based on your credit
 worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for B
alance Transfers0% introductory APR for the first twelve billing cycles followin
g each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account ope
ning.After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of a
ccount opening) your APR will be 17.49%, 21.49%, or 26.49% based on your credit 
worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for C
ash Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.How
 to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after th
e close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if y
ou pay your entire balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf 
you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card T
ips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to 
consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Cons
umer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. Fe
esAnnual Fee$0Transaction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount of
 each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount 
of each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction0% of each transac
tion in U.S. dollars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee 
varies by state, see below) Returned PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee var
ies by state, see below) How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method cal
led "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at 
the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (i
ncluding new purchases)". Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information a
bout the JetBlue World Mastercard Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please c
arefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/po
ints are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular o
ffer before applying.Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to
 $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to 
$37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).Agreement: The 
use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptan
ce of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. 
The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features as
sociated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law. 
 ++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the t
ime you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and age
nts, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or servi
ces, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text messa
ge. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.About This Offer: Y
ou must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants 
who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and th
e US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an a
ccount with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or
 income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report
 is insufficient based on your current obligations, we may be unable to open an 
account for you. Please review the materials provided with your card for details
.    About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit
 report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish a
n account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to 
others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and ad
dresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. About t
he Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the Th
e Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promot
ional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 12.74%, 16.74% or 21.74% 
to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we a
dd 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The 
APRs noted above are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rate of 4.75%.Import
ant Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the governme
nt fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law r
equires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information tha
t identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you 
apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, 
social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you
. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for countr
y of citizenship.Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance tr
ansfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, Am
erican Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance t
ransfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line o
n your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment 
to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be 
reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We rese
rve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not 
process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with
 us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not 
transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may
 lose your dispute rights.Upon approval of your application we will process the 
requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on
 the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period y
ou may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back o
f your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other acc
ounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the o
ther account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from 
another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Car
d account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once
 you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny ba
lance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.Avoiding Interest on Purc
hases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire b
alance by the due date each month. In addition, during this introductory period 
we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each mon
th your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance 
Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum paym
ent due on your account each month.Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to 
request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance tran
sfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We 
determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processin
g any balance transfer request.Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money 
orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wi
re transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please
 see your Cardmember Agreement for details.New York Residents: New York resident
s may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (
800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on com
parative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. Notice to Ohio Residents: Th
e Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equall
y available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies ma
intain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civi
l Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.Notice to Married Wisco
nsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court dec
ree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests u
nless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statem
ent or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be 
required to give notice of this account to your spouse.About Us and This Credit 
Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Ba
nk Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in resp
onse to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.
 Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated, 
and is used by us pursuant to a license. Express Delivery: If you are approved f
or an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your acco
unt is opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of t
hat day. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the follow
ing day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is requ
ired. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional
 card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.The information contained in these disclo
sures is accurate as of 03/30/2018 and may change after this date.Information Sh
aring: Barclaycard’s Privacy Policy is available online at BarclaycardUS.com. Yo
u agree that Barclaycard and JetBlue may share information about you and your ac
count to the extent needed to administer the JetBlue Card Program in conjunction
 with the JetBlue TrueBlue Program. The JetBlue® Mastercard® (JetBlue Card) Rewa
rd RulesThis document contains the official Reward Rules for the JetBlue Masterc
ard Account (the “Account”) issued by Barclays Bank Delaware (“Barclaycard”, “we
”, “us” or “our”) and includes important conditions and limitations (the “Reward
 Rules”). Please read the Reward Rules and keep this document in a safe place.Tr
ueBlue® is a frequent flyer program offered by JetBlue Airways Corporation (the 
“Program”) and is not a product or program of Barclaycard. JetBlue Airways Corpo
ration is solely responsible for establishing the terms and conditions of your p
articipation and points accumulation in the Program. Terms and conditions of the
 Program are published by JetBlue Airways Corporation at jetblue.com and JetBlue
 Airways Corporation reserves the right to change the Program at any time with o
r without prior notice, and to end the Program with 6 months’ notice.“You, “your
” or “primary cardmember” means the person who applied for the Account. Use of y
our Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below. Ca
pitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to t
hem in the Cardmember Agreement.  Reward Rules AdministrationThe Reward Rules ar
e administered by Barclaycard.  We are solely responsible for all credit and eli
gibility standards and determination of Account issuance. To maintain your eligi
bility for participation in the Program through use of the Account:You must main
tain an open and active Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agr
eement with us.Your Account cannot have been inactive for 12 billing cycles in a
 row (representing approximately 12 months). “Inactive” means you have no balanc
e, no payments and no transactions.You must be an individual (corporations, part
nerships, and other entities may not participate).Program MembershipIf your True
Blue membership number was included in the application, we will add that number 
to your Account automatically.If the TrueBlue membership number that you provide
d is found to be invalid or you did not provide us with a TrueBlue membership nu
mber, a new TrueBlue membership account number will be assigned to you.Only one 
TrueBlue membership number will be established per Account, and will be assigned
 to you. Important Information about TrueBlue PointsTrueBlue points awarded to y
our True Blue membership account do not expire.You have no property rights or ot
her legal interest in TrueBlue points. Points have no cash value or value of any
 kind until they are fully redeemed. Points may not be assigned, transferred or 
pledged.You are responsible for any tax liability related to participating in th
e Program.If you are not credited for earned TrueBlue points or other benefits, 
once identified, the earned TrueBlue points or other benefits will be credited. 
If TrueBlue points or other benefits are not available, a comparable benefit wil
l be provided as determined by us.In the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudul
ent activity related to the Account, as determined by us in our sole discretion,
 we reserve the right to make corresponding adjustments to the points accrued in
 the Program and/or to cancel your Account at any time.The Program is subject to
 all applicable laws and regulations. The redemption of TrueBlue points is void 
where prohibited by law. The sale or barter of any reward offered through the Pr
ogram, other than by us, is expressly prohibited.Points RestrictionsYou may not 
earn TrueBlue points during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:
You fail to make the Minimum Payment Due by its Payment Due Date.Your Account be
comes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agre
ement with us (your Account is not in good standing).You, or any authorized user
 on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account 
or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determi
ned by us in our sole discretion.Points ForfeitureYour TrueBlue points may be fo
rfeited if any of the following occur:Your Account becomes seriously delinquent,
 as determined by us at our sole discretion.You or we close your Account for any
 reason.You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in fraudulent activit
y on your Account.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agr
eement with us. (Your account is not in good standing.)You, or any authorized us
er on the Account, engage in any illegal activity on your Account, or engage in 
activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in 
our sole discretion.We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to disqualify 
any cardmember from participating in the Program and to invalidate any or all po
ints earned for abuse, fraud, or any violation of the Reward Rules.Earning Point
sYou earn TrueBlue points on purchases made with the Account, less credits, retu
rns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”), by you and/or any authorized user(s) of t
he Account.You earn three (3) TrueBlue points for every one dollar ($1.00) of el
igible Net Purchases made with the Account, rounded up or down to the nearest do
llar, on tickets, goods and services purchased directly from JetBlue Airways (“J
etBlue Purchases”). Eligible JetBlue Purchases are items billed by JetBlue as me
rchant of record booked through JetBlue channels (JetBlue.com, JetBlue reservati
ons, JetBlue Getaways and JetBlue airport ticket counters). Products or services
 that do not qualify as JetBlue Purchases are non-JetBlue Getaway car rentals, h
otel reservations, purchases of TrueBlue points, and duty free purchases. Points
 earned will be posted to the primary cardmember’s TrueBlue membership account i
n 4-6 weeks.You earn two (2) TrueBlue points for every one dollar ($1.00) of Net
 Purchases made with the Account, rounded up or down to the nearest dollar, on g
oods and services purchased directly at restaurants and grocery stores, as deter
mined by the merchant category description. Qualifying restaurant purchases are 
categorized as: Restaurants and Fast Food Restaurants. Qualifying grocery store 
purchases are categorized as Grocery Stores and Supermarkets. Please note that l
arge warehouse-type stores (Target, Walmart and Costco) are generally not classi
fied as grocery stores. Purchases must be submitted by merchants using the eligi
ble merchant category codes for restaurants and grocery stores to qualify for th
e 2 points. Barclaycard is not responsible for incorrectly coded purchases.You e
arn one (1) TrueBlue point for every one dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases made wi
th the Account everywhere else.From time to time, we may offer bonuses of TrueBl
ue points or other premiums (for example, TrueBlue Bonus points) to new JetBlue 
cardmembers. Unless otherwise stated in the offer, these bonuses and /or rewards
 are intended for persons who are not and have not previously been JetBlue cardm
embers. You understand and agree that, unless we otherwise state, you are no lon
ger eligible to receive these bonuses and/or rewards for any new JetBlue Masterc
ard account you open after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or rew
ard for which you are not eligible, we may revoke the bonus or reward, or reduce
 your TrueBlue points by the amount of the bonus or reward, or charge your Accou
nt for the fair value of the bonus or reward, at our option.Balance Transfers, C
ash Advances, Cash Equivalent Transactions (transactions in highly liquid assets
, e.g. assets that are directly convertible to cash such as, but not limited to,
 money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency, gambling chips and lottery t
ickets), fees, interest charges, and unauthorized/fraudulent transactions do not
 earn TrueBlue points.There is no limit to the number of TrueBlue points you can
 earn as long as the Program continues and your Account remains open and in good
 standing.Additional Benefits of Your Account Bonus TrueBlue PointsThe primary c
ardmember will earn ten thousand (10,000) bonus TrueBlue points after you spend 
$1,000 in Net Purchases on your Account within ninety (90) days of Account openi
ng. This one-time bonus points offer is valid for first-time cardmembers with ne
w accounts only. Existing cardmembers and existing accounts are not eligible for
 this offer. This is a limited-time offer and may be canceled at any time withou
t notice. Please allow 4-6 weeks for bonus points to be deposited into your True
Blue account after qualifying transactions have posted.  50% Savings on Inflight
 PurchasesCardmembers in good standing will qualify for a 50% savings on eligibl
e inflight purchases.  Eligible purchases include the inflight purchase of cockt
ails, beer, wine, meals, and JetBlue movies (not Fly-Fi®) on JetBlue-operated fl
ights when purchased on their Account. Savings does not apply to any other infli
ght purchases, such as wireless internet access. This offer is available on elig
ible flights as long as supplies last. This savings will appear as an Account st
atement credit 4-6 weeks after the transaction is posted to the cardmember’s Acc
ount.Responsibility of the Parties/Information SharingJetBlue Airways is not a p
arty to the Cardmember Agreement between you and Barclaycard, does not participa
te in any extension of credit, has no authority regarding the Account and is not
 responsible for any goods or services offered by Barclaycard. Barclaycard is no
t responsible for any goods or services offered by JetBlue Airways Corporation. 
You authorize Barclaycard to share information about your Account with JetBlue A
irways Corporation to the extent needed to administer the Program and for JetBlu
e Airways Corporation to share information about your TrueBlue account with Barc
laycard for the same purpose. You also agree that Barclaycard may share Account 
information as set forth in Barclaycard’s Privacy Policy and that JetBlue Airway
s Corporation may share TrueBlue account information as set forth in JetBlue’s P
rivacy Policy.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program
 and accepting and using rewards earned through the Program, you or any other be
neficiary of the Program release, discharge and hold harmless Barclaycard and it
s parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees,
 officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liabi
lity including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of par
ticipation in the Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in connec
tion with the Program. Barclaycard is not responsible for unauthorized redemptio
ns on your Account. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement over is
suance of rewards or a cardmember’s right to possess rewards.Important General P
rogram DisclosuresAny such changes may affect your ability to use the points, aw
ards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless specified, TrueBlue po
ints earned through use of the Jet Blue Card do not count toward Mosaic qualific
ation. JetBlue Airways Corporation is not responsible for products or services o
ffered by other participating companies. For complete details about the TrueBlue
 Program, visit jetblue.com.Barclaycard is not responsible for typographical err
ors or omissions in this document. Points cannot be combined with other discount
 or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us. Barclaycard reserves t
he right to correct inaccurate rewards values represented on statements or our w
ebsite, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, 
restrict, or terminate the Reward Rules or any aspects or features of the Reward
 Rules to you at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of Reward Ru
les shall be at our sole discretion.JetBlue Airways and TrueBlue are trademarks 
of JetBlue Airways Corporation. The JetBlue Mastercard is issued by Barclaycard 
pursuant to a license by Mastercard International Incorporated.  Mastercard is a
 registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.Customer ServiceI
f you have any questions about your Account, please contact the customer service
 phone number on the back of your card.©2018 Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard
), Member FDIC                         