                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases17.49%, 21.49% or 26.49%, based on your credit
 worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for B
alance Transfers0% introductory APR for the first 15 billing cycles following ea
ch balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening
.After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of accou
nt opening) your APR will be 17.49%, 21.49%, or 26.49% based on your credit wort
hiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash 
Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.How to 
Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after the cl
ose of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you p
ay your entire balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf you 
are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card Tips 
from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to cons
ider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer
 Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. FeesAn
nual Fee$89Transaction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount of ea
ch transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount of 
each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction0% of each transactio
n in U.S. dollars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee var
ies by state, see below) Returned PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee varies
 by state, see below) How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called
 "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the
 time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (incl
uding new purchases)". Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information abou
t the Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please
 carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/
points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular
 offer before applying.Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up 
to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up t
o $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).Agreement: Th
e use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute accept
ance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you
. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features 
associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law
.  ++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the
 time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and a
gents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or ser
vices, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text mes
sage. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.About This Offer:
 You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicant
s who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and 
the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an
 account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit 
or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you repo
rt is insufficient based on your current obligations, we may be unable to open a
n account for you. Please review the materials provided with your card for detai
ls.    About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a cred
it report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish
 an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report t
o others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and 
addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. About
 the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the 
The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-prom
otional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 12.74%, 16.74% or 21.74
% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we
 add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. Th
e APRs noted above are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rate of 4.75%.Impo
rtant Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the govern
ment fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law
 requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information t
hat identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When yo
u apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth
, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify y
ou. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for coun
try of citizenship.Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance 
transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, 
American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance
 transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line
 on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial paymen
t to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will b
e reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We re
serve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will no
t process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have wi
th us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should no
t transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you m
ay lose your dispute rights.Upon approval of your application we will process th
e requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested 
on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period
 you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back
 of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other a
ccounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the
 other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer fro
m another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover C
ard account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card on
ce you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny 
balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.Avoiding Interest on Pu
rchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire
 balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this introductory perio
d we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each m
onth your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balanc
e Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum pa
yment due on your account each month.Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants t
o request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance tr
ansfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. W
e determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to process
ing any balance transfer request.Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of mone
y orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, 
wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Plea
se see your Cardmember Agreement for details.New York Residents: New York reside
nts may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone
 (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on c
omparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. Notice to Ohio Residents: 
The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equa
lly available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies 
maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Ci
vil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.Notice to Married Wis
consin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court d
ecree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests
 unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, stat
ement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may b
e required to give notice of this account to your spouse.About Us and This Credi
t Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays 
Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in re
sponse to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delawar
e. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated
, and is used by us pursuant to a license. Express Delivery: If you are approved
 for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your ac
count is opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of
 that day. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the foll
owing day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is re
quired. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the addition
al card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.The information contained in these disc
losures is accurate as of 03/30/2018 and may change after this date.Information 
Sharing:Barclays' Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I
 agree that Barclays Bank Delaware, Hawaiian Airlines and Bank of Hawaii may sha
re information about me and my Account to the extent needed to administer the Ha
waiian Airlines® World Elite Mastercard® in conjunction with the Hawaiian Airlin
es® World Elite Mastercard® Rewards Program.Hawaiian Airlines® World Elite Maste
rCard® Rewards Program RulesThis document contains the official Rewards Program 
Rules (“Program Rules”) for the Hawaiian Airlines MasterCard Program (the “Progr
am”) and includes important conditions and limitations. Use of your Hawaiian Air
lines MasterCard Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms descri
bed below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement. Please read these Program R
ules and keep this document in a safe place. Capitalized terms not defined in th
ese Program Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.
Program AdministrationThe Program is administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (“Ba
rclaycard”) located in Wilmington, DE (“we”, “us” or “our”). To qualify for part
icipation in the Program and to maintain an account in good standing:You must ma
intain an open and active Credit Card Account that is not in default under your 
Cardmember Agreement with us.You must pay your annual fee.Your Credit Card Accou
nt cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cycles in a row (representing approxi
mately 6 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments and no trans
actions. Earning Miles 35,000 bonus HawaiianMiles are earned if you use your new
 Credit Card Account for $1,000 in Net Purchases within ninety (90) days of your
 Credit Card Account being opened.You earn Miles on retail Purchases with the Ha
waiian Airlines World Elite MasterCard (the “Card”), less credits, returns and a
djustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any Authorized User(s) of the Ca
rd.Cardmembers will receive one (1) HawaiianMile for every one U.S. dollar ($1.0
0) of Net Purchases made on the Account rounded to the nearest dollar and two (2
) HawaiianMiles® for every one U.S. dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases directly fro
m Hawaiian Airlines. Duty Free purchases made inflight on Hawaiian Airlines are 
not considered direct purchases from Hawaiian Airlines and therefore do not qual
ify for the two HawaiianMiles for every one U.S. dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases
.From time to time, Barclaycard (“We”) may offer bonuses or Miles or other premi
ums (for example, First Use Miles, First Use Certificates) to new Hawaiian Airli
nes MasterCard Cardmembers. Unless otherwise stated in the offer, these bonuses 
and /or Rewards are intended for persons who are not and have not previously bee
n Hawaiian Airlines MasterCard Cardmembers. You understand and agree that, unles
s we otherwise state, you are no longer eligible to receive these bonuses and/or
 Rewards for any new Hawaiian Airlines MasterCard account you open after this Ac
count is opened. If you receive a bonus or Reward for which you are not eligible
, we may revoke the bonus or Reward, or reduce your Miles by the amount of the b
onus or Reward, or charge your Account for the fair value of the bonus or Reward
, at our option.Balance Transfers, Cash Advances, Quasi-Cash Transactions (trans
actions in highly liquid assets, e.g. assets that are directly convertible to ca
sh such as, but not limited to, money orders, travelers checks, foreign currency
 and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges, and unauthorized/fraudulent trans
actions do not earn Miles.There is no limit to the total Miles you can earn as l
ong as the Program continues and the Cardmember’s Credit Card Account is open an
d in good standing.Barclaycard reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to di
squalify any Cardmember from participating in the Program and to invalidate any 
or all Miles earned for abuse, fraud, or any violation of the Program Rules. Red
eeming MilesTo redeem Miles for flights on Hawaiian Airlines, sign-in to your Ha
waiianMiles account at HawaiianAirlines.com.Visit HawaiianAirlines.com for more 
details about Hawaiian Airlines redemption policies and procedures. Important In
formation about MilesEarned Miles do not expire if there is HawaiianMiles accoun
t activity (earnings or redemptions).  If there is no activity within 18 consecu
tive months, Hawaiian Airlines will expire the Miles accrued on a member’s accou
nt.You have no property rights or other legal interest in Miles. Miles have no c
ash value.You are solely responsible for any taxes that may be owed as a result 
of Miles earned and/or redeemed. Please consult your tax advisor if you have tax
 questions about the Program. Barclaycard does not provide tax advice.If the Car
dmember is not credited for earned Miles or other benefits, once identified, the
 earned Miles or other benefits will be credited. If Miles or other benefits are
 not available, a comparable benefit will be provided as determined by us.The Pr
ogram is subject to all applicable laws and regulations. The redemption of Miles
 is void where prohibited by law. The sale or barter of any Reward offered throu
gh the Program is expressly prohibited. Miles RestrictionsYou may not earn Miles
 associated with your credit card during a billing cycle in which any of the fol
lowing occur:You fail to make the Minimum Payment Due by the Payment Due Date.Yo
ur Credit Card Account becomes delinquent.Your Credit Card Account is not in goo
d standing as defined in the Cardmember Agreement. Miles ForfeitureWe require th
at your Credit Card Account be open and that you maintain your account in good s
tanding to participate in this rewards program. If your Credit Card Account is c
losed, you will forfeit your Miles earned in that billing cycle.  You may forfei
t your Miles associated with your Credit Card Account if any of the following oc
cur:Your Credit Card Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barc
laycard at its sole discretion.You or we close your Credit Card Account for any 
reason.There is fraudulent activity on this Credit Card Account. Call the number
 on the back of your Card if you need more information.Violation of the Hawaiian
Miles Program terms and conditions. Program MembershipIf you included the Primar
y Cardmember’s HawaiianMiles membership number in the application, we will add t
hat number to your Credit Card Account automatically.If the membership number th
at you provided is found to be invalid or you did not provide us with a membersh
ip number, a new HawaiianMiles membership account number will be assigned to the
 Primary Cardmember.Only one HawaiianMiles Program membership will be establishe
d regardless of whether your Account is an individual account or an account with
 an authorized user. Companion Travel DiscountYou are eligible to receive a sing
le 1-time 50% discount toward one published full coach round-trip fare for a com
panion.You are also eligible to receive one companion discount for $100 discount
 off one companion ticket at each Credit Card Account anniversary.These discount
s are good on roundtrip coach travel between Hawaii and North America booked dir
ectly with Hawaiian Airlines through the Primary Cardmember’s HawaiianMiles acco
unt.The discount will be off of one published full coach roundtrip base fare for
 a companion, which does not include taxes, fees, or surcharges, with the purcha
se of one published full coach round-trip fare. Additional taxes, fees and charg
es including Passenger Facility Charge, Federal Excise Taxes, Canadian VAT/GST a
nd customs/immigration charges as well as the September 11 Security Fee apply to
 all tickets purchased and are not included in the base fare.Primary Cardmember 
must be one of the passengers on the flight record. Both passengers (Primary Car
dmember and companion) must be booked for travel on the same flight record, fare
 and class of service, and must travel on all flight segments together.Offer mus
t be redeemed through the Primary Cardmember’s HawaiianMiles account.Tickets mus
t be purchased with your Hawaiian Airlines World Elite MasterCard.Offer is valid
 for all Hawaiian Airlines flights between Hawaii and North America. The offer i
s not valid on Neighbor Island flights.Offer is not valid on codeshare flights w
ith partner airlines.Offer is not valid on multi-city flights.Offer may not be c
ombined with, applied to, or applied towards HawaiianMiles flight awards redeeme
d using miles.The 1-time 50% companion discount offer is good for 13 months from
 the time the Credit Card Account is opened and is subject to change.The $100 di
scount off one companion ticket at each Credit Card Account anniversary is good 
for 12 months from account anniversary and is subject to change.Companion travel
 discounts have no cash value and cannot be transferred or sold.Visit HawaiianAi
rlines.com/MasterCardDiscount for more information on how to redeem your travel 
discount.Other restrictions may apply. Baggage Fee WaiverThe Hawaiian Airlines W
orld Elite MasterCard Primary Cardmember is eligible to receive one (1) complime
ntary checked bag on Hawaiian Airlines operated flights. Authorized users of Pri
mary Cardmembers’ account do not qualify for complimentary first checked bag ben
efit. This is only for travel between North America and Hawaii and between Neigh
bor Islands (interisland). International Flights are excluded.All ticket purchas
es (original and exchanges) must be made with a Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Ma
sterCard.Ticket purchases must be made directly from Hawaiian Airlines (Hawaiian
 Airlines.com, Hawaiian Airlines Reservations department and Hawaiian Airlines a
irport ticket counters) to qualify for one complimentary checked bag. Tickets pu
rchased from third parties (i.e. ID90, travel agencies, etc.) are not eligible.T
he Primary Cardmember must provide their HawaiianMiles account number associated
 with the credit card within their reservations any time prior to check-in. You 
must be a current Primary Cardmember upon check-in to be eligible.Offer is not v
alid on codeshare flight segments operated by Hawaiian Airlines and marketed by 
other airline partners. Please refer to our website: http://help.hawaiianairline
s.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/403/related/1 regarding codeshare baggage restrict
ions.Pualani Platinum, Pualani Gold and Premier Club Primary Cardmembers will re
ceive an additional (1) complimentary checked bag in addition to their existing 
membership baggage allowance.Checked bag fee waiver is limited to the first bag 
for the Primary Cardmember only. Applicable overweight and excess baggage fees w
ill apply. Please refer to www.HawaiianAirlines.com/bag-fees/  for more informat
ion on Hawaiian Airlines baggage policy.  Discounted Flight Awards You are eligi
ble to receive a discount on flight awards for travel on Hawaiian Airlines.Disco
unted flight awards are only accessible through the Primary Cardmember’s Hawaiia
nMiles account online at HawaiianAirlines.com. Annual Spend Bonus Miles When you
 spend at least $10,000 in Net Purchases within each anniversary year, 5,000 bon
us Miles will be credited to your HawaiianMiles Account.A maximum of 5,000 annua
l bonus Miles can be earned per year regardless of the amount of Net Purchases m
ade.Miles will be applied annually at the account cycle date of your anniversary
 month. In-Flight Purchase Credit (Pualani Platinum and Pualani Gold Members Onl
y)You must be a current Pualani Platinum or Pualani Gold HawaiianMiles member to
 be eligible for a maximum $100 annual statement credit towards In-Flight purcha
ses.You will be allowed a $10 maximum In-Flight credit redemption per day for qu
alified purchases.Qualified purchases are:In-Flight purchases such as but not li
mited to: onboard entertainment, beverages and premium meals.Purchases must be m
ade with your Hawaiian Airlines World Elite MasterCard.Purchases that are made o
nly on Hawaiian Airlines flights.Duty-Free, preferred seating, class upgrades pu
rchases are not included.If the total $100 annual credit has not been awarded by
 your credit card anniversary date no residual credit will be carried over into 
the following cycle.In-Flight purchase credit benefit is good for one (1) year s
tarting from the credit card open or anniversary date as long as HawaiianMiles P
ualani Platinum or Gold membership is maintained. If you close your account, the
 remaining credit will be forfeited. HawaiianMiles ShareMilesAs a Hawaiian Airli
nes MasterCard Primary Cardmember, you can receive Miles from friends and family
 online at HawaiianAirlines.com.You must have a current email address on file wi
thin your HawaiianMiles account to receive Miles transferred with the ShareMiles
 program.Hawaiian Airlines MasterCard Cardmembers may receive miles transferred 
from friends and family up to a maximum of ten (10) times per calendar year.The 
Miles transferer must be a current HawaiianMiles account holder and may perform 
an unlimited amount of transfer transactions using the ShareMiles program.There 
are no transaction fees for Miles transfers, no charges per mile, or no minimum 
or maximum number of Miles transferred for cardmembers.Full terms and conditions
 for the sharing of HawaiianMiles are available at HawaiianAirlines.com/Hawaiian
Miles/terms-and-conditions/. Hawaiian Miles Select PartnersYou may earn bonus Ha
waiianMiles per one dollar spent at select HawaiianMiles partners. Refer to part
ners.hawaiianair.com for details.Payments for purchases at select HawaiianMiles 
partners must be made with your Hawaiian Airlines MasterCard.If any part of the 
payment is made with cash, check, or by means other than your Hawaiian Airlines 
MasterCard, you will earn extra Miles only on the amount paid with your Hawaiian
 Airlines MasterCard.Miles will be credited only to the Primary Cardmember’s Haw
aiianMiles account.Please allow 4-6 weeks for Miles to post to your HawaiianMile
s account.Participating HawaiianMiles select partners are subject to change at a
ny time. Visit partners.hawaiianair.com for partner listing and restrictions. Li
mitation and Release of LiabilityHawaiian Airlines is not a party to the Cardmem
ber Agreement between Barclaycard and the Cardmember, does not participate in an
y extension of credit, has no authority regarding the Credit Card Account and is
 not responsible for any goods or services offered by Barclaycard. Barclaycard i
s not responsible for any goods or services offered by Hawaiian Airlines. You au
thorize Barclaycard to share information about your Account with Hawaiian Airlin
es and the HawaiianMiles program to the extent needed to administer the Hawaiian
Miles Program. You also agree that Barclaycard may share Account information as 
set forth in Barclaycard’s Privacy Policy.By participating in the HawaiianMiles 
Program and accepting and using Miles earned via the Program, you and any other 
beneficiary of the HawaiianMiles Program release, discharge and hold harmless Ba
rclaycard, Hawaiian Airlines and their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, agen
ts, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees fro
m all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injur
y or death arising out of participation in the HawaiianMiles Program.Important G
eneral Program DisclosuresThe HawaiianMiles Program is subject to change without
 prior notification. Other significant terms may apply. HawaiianMiles® is a freq
uent flyer program offered by Hawaiian Airlines (the "Program") and is not a pro
duct or program of Barclaycard.  We are not responsible for typographical errors
 or omissions in this document. Miles cannot be combined with other discount or 
reward programs unless specifically authorized by us.We reserve the right to cor
rect inaccurate rewards values represented on statements or our website, at our 
sole discretion.We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict, or ter
minate the Program or any aspects or features of the Program at any time without
 prior notice. All interpretations of Program Rules shall be at our sole discret
ion.For the most current information, visit HawaiianAirlines.com/HawaiianMiles/t
erms-and-conditions/.Customer ServiceIf you have any questions about your reward
s program, please contact the customer service phone number on the back of your 
card.                        