Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

17.24%,  21.99% or 26.99% based on your credit worthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
0% APR on all Wyndham Timeshare Purchases (see below) for six billing cycles.
After that, your APR will be 17.24%,  21.99% or 26.99%  based on your credit worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers

0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles following each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.
After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account opening) your APR will be 17.24%,  21.99% or 26.99% based on your credit worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

27.24%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases

Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

Minimum Interest Charge

If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

 
Fees
Annual Fee

$0

Transaction Fees:

 

Balance Transfer

Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Cash Advance

Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction

0% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.

Penalty Fees:

 

Late Payment

Up to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

Returned Payment

Up to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

 
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)".
 
Terms and Conditions Continued:
Important Information about the Wyndham Rewards Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.
Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).
The “Wyndham Timeshare Purchase” means all Wyndham qualifying timeshare down payments.
Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  You agree that if you are not approved for a Signature account you may be approved for a Platinum account.
++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.
About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations,    we may be unable to open an account for you, or you may receive a Platinum card. Platinum benefits differ from Signature benefits. Please review the materials provided with your card for details. 
About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. 
About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 11.99%, 16.74% or 21.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 09/28/2018 using a Prime Rate of 5.25%.

Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.
Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.
Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.
Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this introductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your account each month.
Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.
Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. 
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.
About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.  Visa is a registered trademark of VISA USA, Inc. and is used by us pursuant to a license.
Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.
The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 09/28/2018 and may change after this date.
Barclays' Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I agree that Barclays Bank Delaware and Wyndham may share information about me and my Account to the extent needed to administer the Wyndham Rewards Visa Card in conjunction with the Wyndham Rewards Program.
 
REWARD RULES
Wyndham Rewards® Visa® with No Annual Fee – Gold Level
Reward Rules:
This document contains the official Reward Rules for the Wyndham Rewards Visa Account with No Annual Fee – Gold Level (the “Account”) issued by Barclays Bank Delaware (“Barclaycard”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and includes important conditions and limitations (the “Reward Rules”).
Use of your Wyndham Rewards Visa Card (the “Card”) constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement. “You, “your” or “primary cardmember” means the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement. Please read the Reward Rules and keep this document in a safe place.
Wyndham Rewards® (the "Wyndham Rewards Program" or "Program") is a program offered by Wyndham Rewards, Inc., a subsidiary of Wyndham Hotel Group, LLC (collectively, “Wyndham”), its successors and assigns. The Wyndham Rewards Program is not a product or program of Barclaycard. Wyndham is solely responsible for establishing the terms and conditions of your participation and your Wyndham rewards points (“Points”) accumulation in the Wyndham Rewards Program. All Wyndham Rewards Program terms and conditions apply. Wyndham may change or terminate the Wyndham Rewards Program in accordance with its terms and conditions. For a complete explanation of the Wyndham Rewards Program’s terms and conditions, go to wyndhamrewards.com/services/terms.
 Reward Rules Administration
The Reward Rules are administered by Barclaycard. We reserve the right to modify, amend or terminate the Reward Rules at any time with or without notice. We are solely responsible for all credit eligibility standards and determination of Account issuance. To maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program through use of the Account:
• You must maintain an open Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.
• Your Account cannot have been inactive for 7 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 7 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments and no transactions.
• You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Card only for personal, family or household expenses.
Earning Wyndham Rewards Points
You earn Points for retail purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any Authorized User(s) of the Account:
You will earn three (3) Points for every one dollar ($1.00) spent on eligible new Net Purchase transactions made with the Account on participating hotel purchases, Wyndham Vacation Rental North America properties, and on-property spend and maintenance fees (excluding timeshare down payment transactions) at Club Wyndham, WorldMark by Wyndham and Shell Vacations Club properties. Visit wyndhamrewards.com/terms or call Wyndham Rewards Member Services for Participating Hotel Chains (as defined in Wyndham Rewards Terms & Conditions) and participating Wyndham Rewards hotels. Participating Hotel Chains and participating Wyndham Rewards hotels are subject to change at any time without notice.
For more information on Wyndham Vacation Rentals North America, including an inventory of properties, visit wyndhamvacationrentals.com.
For more information on Wyndham Vacation Ownership, including an overview of resorts, please visit wyndhamworldwide.com/category/wyndham-vacation-ownership.
You will earn two (2) Points for every one dollar ($1.00) spent on eligible gas, utility, and grocery store (excluding Target® and Walmart®) new Net Purchase transactions made with the Account, each as described in the section below titled “Gas, Utility & Grocery Store Purchases.” Purchases must be submitted by merchants using the merchant category codes for purchases in these categories to qualify for the additional Points. Neither Wyndham nor Barclaycard are responsible for incorrectly coded purchases. Additional Points may not be earned if the merchant submits the transaction using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet to pay for the purchase. Additionally, purchases made through third parties, including online marketplaces and resellers, or using a third-party payment account will not earn additional Points.  You will earn one (1) point per one dollar ($1) spent on all other purchases (except Wyndham Vacation Ownership timeshare downpayment transactions at Club Wyndham, WorldMark by Wyndham and Shell Vacations Club properties, which do not earn points).Gas, Utility & Grocery Store PurchasesGas purchases are defined as automated fuel dispensers and service stations, as identified by the merchant category codes. Utility purchases are defined as telecommunications services, cable, satellite, electric, gas, heating oil and water, as identified by the merchant category codes. Grocery store purchases are defined as grocery stores, as identified by the merchant category codes, excluding Target® and Walmart®. Please note, some merchants that sell grocery items are not included in this category. For example, warehouse clubs, drug stores, discount stores and merchants that sell a limited number of grocery items are not included.
Bonus Points
Wyndham Rewards Visa Card – Cardholders will earn 15,000 Wyndham Rewards Points upon the first use of the card for a purchase or balance transfer.
Important information about earning Points
Net Purchases for a billing cycle are determined by totaling all new Purchases added to the Account during the billing cycle, and then subtracting credits posted to the Account during the billing cycle for returned Purchases and/or adjustments. For purposes of reporting Net Purchases, Barclaycard may round up or down to the nearest whole dollar amount. If credits for returned Purchases and/or adjustments exceed new Purchases during a billing cycle, Barclaycard will calculate negative Net Purchases and reduce the primary cardmember’s accrued Points accordingly. Point accumulation is subject to certain limitations, exclusions and restrictions. Barclaycard is not responsible for awarding Points under the Wyndham Rewards Program, to arrange or provide for any goods or services related to the use of Points, for any delay, failure, or refusal by Wyndham to award or redeem Points, or for any decision by Wyndham to revoke or cancel Points or membership in the Wyndham Rewards Program.
Your monthly Wyndham Rewards Visa Account statement will show the Points earned each billing cycle through use of the Account. On the closing date of each billing cycle that your Account remains open and in good standing, Barclaycard will report to Wyndham the Net Purchases made using your Account during that billing cycle and request that Wyndham award Points. If your Account is not open or in good standing on the date a billing cycle closes, then Barclaycard will report no Net Purchases to Wyndham for that billing cycle. Barclaycard will ask that Points be awarded to the primary cardmember’s Wyndham Rewards Program membership, regardless of whether the primary cardmember or an authorized user on the Account made the Purchase.
Balance Transfers, Cash Advances (including Cash Equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Card or Account number to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges, and unauthorized/fraudulent transactions do not earn Points.
There is no limit to the total Points you can earn as long as the Program continues and the Account is open, active and in good standing.
For information regarding the terms of the Wyndham Rewards Program, including Point expiration policy, please visit wyndhamrewards.com or contact Wyndham Rewards Member Services at 866-WYN-RWDS (866-996-7937).
Barclaycard reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any cardmember from participating in the Program through use of the Account and to invalidate any or all Points earned for abuse, fraud, or any violation of the Reward Rules.
Redeeming Points
To redeem your Points, log on to wyndhamrewards.com. You may also call Wyndham Rewards Member Services at 866-WYN-RWDS (866-996-7937).
Points Restrictions
You may not earn or redeem Points during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:
• Your Account becomes delinquent.
• Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (your Account is not in good standing).
• You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of the Account to participate in the Program or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion.
Points Forfeiture
You may forfeit accrued Points that have not been transferred to your Wyndham Rewards account if any of the following occur:
• Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by us in our sole discretion.
• You or we close your Account for any reason.
• You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in fraudulent activity on your Account.
• Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (your Account is not in good standing).
• You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of the Account to participate in the Program, or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion.
Other Cardmember Benefits
The primary cardmember will receive Wyndham Rewards Gold Level in his or her Wyndham Rewards Program membership. This benefit is not available to authorized users through the Wyndham Rewards Visa. Please allow 2-8 weeks after Account opening for this update to be made to the primary cardmember’s Wyndham Rewards Program membership. The primary cardmember will continue to receive Wyndham Rewards Gold Level through the Wyndham Rewards Visa as long as the Account is open and in good standing. You can achieve other Wyndham Rewards Program levels by meeting Wyndham Rewards Program eligibility requirements. Wyndham Rewards Inc. reserves the right to change or cancel the member level program and benefits at any time with or without notice. For details on the Terms and Conditions of the Wyndham Rewards Program levels and benefits, please visit WyndhamRewards.com/levels.
Responsibility of the Parties/Information Sharing
Wyndham is not a party to the Cardmember Agreement between you and Barclaycard, does not participate in any extension of credit, has no authority regarding the Account and is not responsible for any goods or services offered by Barclaycard. Barclaycard is not responsible for any goods or services offered by Wyndham. You authorize Barclaycard to share information about your Account with Wyndham to the extent needed to administer the Program and for Wyndham to share information about your Wyndham Rewards Program membership with Barclaycard to the extent needed to administer your Account. You also agree that Barclaycard may share Account information as set forth in Barclaycard’s Privacy Policy and that Wyndham may share Wyndham Rewards Program membership information as set forth in Wyndham’s Privacy Policy.
Limitation and Release of Liability
By participating in the Program through use of the Account and accepting and using Points earned through the Program, you (and any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclaycard and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program. Barclaycard is not responsible for unauthorized redemptions. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of Points or items received through redemptions or a cardmember’s right to possess Points or make redemptions.
Important General Disclosures
The Program is subject to change or termination with or without notification. Other significant terms may apply. All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document. Points cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized. We reserve the right to correct inaccurate rewards values represented on statements or our website, in our sole discretion. We may, in our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict, or terminate participation in the Program through use of the Account or any aspects or features of the same at any time, with or without notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be in our sole discretion.
Customer Service
If you have any questions about the Account, please contact the customer service phone number on the back of your card.
© 2017 Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), Member FDIC
 

