                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases16.49%, 22.24% or 25.24%, based on your credit
 worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for B
alance Transfers16.49%, 22.24%, or 25.24% based on your credit worthiness.This A
PR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.49%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.How to Avoid Paying I
nterest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after the close of each bi
lling cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire
 balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf you are charged in
terest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card Tips from the Consu
mer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when appl
ying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Pro
tection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. FeesAnnual Fee$0Tran
saction Fees: Balance TransferEither $10 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, w
hichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 3% of the amount of each cash adva
nce, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction0% of each transaction in U.S. doll
ars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, 
see below) Returned PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see
 below)  How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balan
ce (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the acc
ount is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new pur
chases)".Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information about the Uber Vis
a Card Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward 
benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest 
rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.Fees t
hat Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa 
at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 for resident
s of Iowa at time of account opening).Agreement: The use of any account opened i
n connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject t
o the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other a
ccount terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account a
re subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  You agree that if you are 
not approved for a Signature account you may be approved for a Platinum account.
++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the ti
me you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agen
ts, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or servic
es, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text messag
e. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.About This Offer: Yo
u must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants w
ho are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the
 US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an ac
count with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or 
income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report 
is insufficient based on your current obligations,    we may be unable to open a
n account for you, or you may receive a Platinum card. Platinum benefits differ 
from Signature benefits. Please review the materials provided with your card for
 details. About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a c
redit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establ
ish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may repor
t to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names a
nd addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. Ab
out the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in t
he The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-p
romotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 11.74%, 17.49% or 20
.49% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR,
 we add 21.74% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail.
 The APRs noted above are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rate of 4.75%.*
Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the go
vernment fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal
 law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record informati
on that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: Whe
n you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of b
irth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identi
fy you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for 
country of citizenship.Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a bala
nce transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Vi
sa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a bal
ance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit 
line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial pa
yment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account wi
ll be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. W
e reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We wil
l not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may hav
e with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You shoul
d not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, y
ou may lose your dispute rights. Upon approval of your application we will proce
ss the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have reque
sted on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time p
eriod you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the
 back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your ot
her accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears o
n the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfe
r from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Disco
ver Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit ca
rd once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may 
deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.Credit Limit: We d
o not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a
 request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a p
articular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independen
t of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.Cash Equivalent Purcha
ses: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery 
tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treat
ed as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.New York R
esidents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financ
ial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, 
for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. N
otice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all c
reditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that c
redit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual u
pon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this 
law.Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilat
eral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adver
sely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a co
py of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You
 understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spous
e.About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and 
administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE.
 Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the law
s of the State of Delaware.  Visa is a registered trademark of VISA USA, Inc. an
d is used by us pursuant to a license.Express Delivery: If you are approved for 
an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account
 is opened if the request for express delivery is made before 3:00 p.m. ET of th
at day. If the request is made after 3:00 p.m. ET delivery will be made the foll
owing day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is re
quired. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the addition
al card(s) cannot be expressed delivered. The information contained in these dis
closures is accurate as of 03/30/2018 and may change after this date.Information
 Sharing: Barclays Privacy Policy is available online at BarclaycardUS.com. You 
agree that Barclays and Uber may share information about you and your account to
 the extent needed to administer the Uber Visa Card program. UBER VISA CARD REWA
RD RULESThis document contains the official Reward Rules for the Uber Visa Card 
Account ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclaycard," "we," "us,"
 or "our") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Reward Rules") fo
r the Uber Points Program ("Program"). Use of your Account constitutes your acce
ptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agre
ement ("Cardmember Agreement"). "You," "your" or "primary cardmember" means the 
person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Rewar
d Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement. The Priva
cy Policy for Barclaycard is available online at BarclaycardUS.com. You agree th
at Barclaycard and Uber Technologies, Inc. ("Uber") will share information to th
e extent needed to administer the Program.Reward Rules AdministrationThe Program
 and Reward Rules are administered by Barclaycard located in Wilmington, DE. We 
reserve the right to modify, amend or terminate the Reward Rules and the Program
 at any time with or without notice. You can review current Reward Rules anytime
 by logging in to your Account at BarclaycardUS.com. Gift card/certificate redem
ptions are administered by LoyaltyEdge LLC. ("Loyalty Edge") an independent comp
any not affiliated with Barclaycard or Uber. Loyalty Edge terms and conditions (
"Rewards Terms &amp; Conditions") specific to the aforementioned redemptions are
 available at BarclaycardUS.com on the Shop page. To maintain your eligibility f
or participation in the Program through use of the Account: • You must maintain 
an open Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (
in "Good Standing"). See sections titled "Points Restrictions" and "Points Forfe
iture" for more details. • Your Account cannot have been inactive for six (6) bi
lling cycles in a row (representing approximately six (6) months). "Inactive" me
ans you have no balance (excluding Points), no payments and no purchases and/or 
transactions and as such we may close your Account. • You must be an individual 
(corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the
 Account only for personal, family or household expenses.% Back and Earning Poin
tsUnder the Program, you earn a percentage of your purchase amount ("% Back"), w
hich will be awarded as points ("Points"). One (1) Point has a value of One (1) 
Cent ($0.01), i.e. each Dollar ($1.00) in % Back earned is equal to 100 Points. 
You may sometimes see us refer to Points, in other materials we may refer to % B
ack, and in some cases we may also refer to % Back/Points when referring to the 
rewards that you earn. When you log in to your Account at BarclaycardUS.com, you
 will see the Points that you have earned, along with their cash value. You earn
 Points for purchases less credits, returns and adjustments ("Net Purchases") ma
de by you and/or any authorized user of the Account. Points are earned on Net Pu
rchases as follows: • You earn 4% Back/4 Points ($0.04) for every $1.00 spent on
 Net Purchases made through UberEATS and at restaurants, as defined by merchant 
category codes, which includes restaurants, fast food restaurants and bars ("Res
taurant Purchases"). • You earn 3% Back/3 Points ($0.03) for every $1.00 spent o
n Net Purchases on airfare, hotels and vacation rentals (including travel agenci
es and home share exchanges), as defined by merchant category codes ("Travel Pur
chases"). • You earn 2% Back/2 Points ($0.02) for every $1.00 spent on Net Purch
ases made directly from Uber ("Uber Purchases"), other than UberEATS. • You earn
 2% Back/2 Points ($0.02) for every $1.00 spent on eligible online Net Purchases
 (as described below), which includes purchases that occur online or on a mobile
 device as identified based on transaction details provided by merchants ("Onlin
e Purchases"): o Online Purchases that are also Restaurant Purchases will earn 4
% Back/4 Points and Online Purchases that are also Travel Purchases will earn 3%
 Back/3 Points, as detailed above and will not also earn 2% Back/2 Points as Onl
ine Purchases. o Online Purchases from the merchant category codes that include 
the following, are excluded from the 2% Back/2 Points category and will earn 1% 
Back/1 Point ($0.01) for every $1.00 spent on Net Purchases: - Utilities (such a
s cable, satellite, telecommunications, gas, water, and electric), - Contracted 
Services (such as landscaping, general contractors, plumbing, heating/air condit
ioning, roofing, siding, carpentry, electrical, masonry, and concrete, and certa
in special trade contractors), - Government Services (such as court costs, alimo
ny, child support, fines, bail and bond payments, and tax payments), or - Profes
sional Services (such as doctors, therapists, dentists, opticians, nursing care 
facilities, hospitals, attorneys, child care services, accounting, and architect
ural services). o Online Purchases not from the above excluded merchant categori
es and Online Purchases as described below are included and will earn 2% Back/2 
Points ($0.02) for every $1.00 spent on Net Purchases: - Video and music streami
ng services (including Netflix, Pandora, HBO Now, and Apple Music), - Certain on
line services (including Instacart, Shyp, Angie’s List, Handy, Thumbtack, FlyCle
aners and TaskRabbit), and - Digital purchases of mobile applications and media 
on platforms (including iTunes and Google Play).• You earn 1% Back/1 Point ($0.0
1) for every $1.00 spent on Net Purchases everywhere else. Purchases must be sub
mitted by merchants using the applicable merchant category codes to qualify for 
the additional Points. Barclaycard and Uber are not responsible for incorrectly 
coded purchases. Balance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent tra
nsactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Account to obtain money o
rders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest 
charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases do not earn Points. When a purchas
e is not a whole dollar amount, any amount that is equal to or greater than $0.5
0 will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar and any amount that is equal to
 or less than $0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole dollar to calculat
e your Points earned. For example, if you make a purchase in the amount of $25.5
0 you will be awarded 26 Points ($0.26), but if the purchase amount is $25.49, y
ou will be awarded 25 Points ($0.25).$100/10,000 Point BonusYou will receive a b
onus of 10,000 Points ($100) after you spend $500 on Net Purchases on your Accou
nt within the first ninety (90) days from the Account open date. This one-time b
onus Points offer is valid for first-time cardmembers with new accounts only. Ex
isting cardmembers and existing accounts are not eligible for this offer. The bo
nus Points will be awarded after qualifying Net Purchases have posted to your Ac
count. From time to time, we may offer bonuses of Points or other incentives to 
new Uber Visa Card cardmembers in connection with an application for a new accou
nt. These bonuses and/or incentives are intended for persons who are not and hav
e not previously been Uber Visa Card cardmembers. You understand and agree that 
you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection wi
th a new Uber Visa Card account after this Account is opened. If you receive a b
onus or incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current
 or former Uber Visa Card cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or r
educe your Points by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Accoun
t for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.Redeeming
 Points• Points can be redeemed for Uber Credits, cash back or gift cards. All r
edemptions are at a 1% value. For example, 2,500 Points can be redeemed for a $2
5 Uber Credit, or a $25 statement credit or bank deposit, or a $25 gift card. • 
The primary cardmember can redeem Points for Uber Credits via the Uber mobile ap
plication ("Uber App"), or for cash back or gift cards by calling the number on 
the back of your card or by logging in to your Account online. • Any authorized 
user on the Account is able to redeem Points for cash back or gift cards by call
ing the number on the back of your card. • Barclaycard is not responsible for un
authorized redemptions on your Account.Uber Credit Redemptions• Points can be re
deemed for Uber Credits via the Uber App at a 1% value. For example, 500 Points 
equals a $5 Uber Credit. • Uber Credit redemptions start at 500 Points for $5. •
 There is a $500 (50,000 Points) daily limit for Uber Credit redemptions. • Plea
se refer to uber.com/info/ubervisacard for additional details on Uber Credits an
d what they can be used for.Cash Back Redemptions• Points can be redeemed for a 
statement credit or a deposit into a U.S. checking or savings account at a 1% va
lue. For example, 2,500 Points can be redeemed for a $25 statement credit or ban
k deposit. • Cash back redemptions start at 2,500 Points for $25. • If you redee
m your Points for a statement credit, the credit will be posted to your Account 
within one to two (1-2) business days. • The statement credit will appear on you
r Account billing statement within 1 billing cycle after the Points are redeemed
. • Statement credits reduce your Account balance but cannot be applied toward a
ny minimum payment requirement and are otherwise subject to the terms and condit
ions applicable to your Account. • Bank deposit redemptions will be transferred 
to the checking or savings account within three to four (3-4) business days and 
there is a $500 (50,000 Points) daily limit for bank deposit redemptions deposit
ed into U.S. checking or savings accounts.Gift Card/Certificate Redemptions• Red
emptions for gift cards are at a 1% value and start at 2,500 Points for $25. • T
he selection of gift cards are subject to availability and the number of Points 
needed to redeem for them may change at any time. • Terms of gift cards and/or c
ertificate redemptions are subject to the rules of the merchant and may be viewe
d online at BarclaycardUS.com at the time of redemption. Each merchant/provider 
has the right to place restrictions on the use of its gift cards or gift certifi
cates. Gift cards or gift certificates are not exchangeable, refundable, transfe
rable or redeemable for cash, cannot be replaced if lost or stolen and are void 
where prohibited. • Additional terms and restrictions apply. For complete detail
s, you can review the Rewards Terms &amp; Conditions at BarclaycardUS.com on the
 Shop page.Digital Subscription Credit BenefitYou may earn up to a $50 credit fo
r Net Purchases from the following eligible digital music, video and shopping su
bscription services: Apple Music, Pandora, Spotify, Amazon Music, Google Music, 
Audible, Sirius XM, Netflix, Hulu, HBO NOW, DirecTV NOW, and the membership fee 
for Amazon Prime, and Shoprunner ("Eligible Digital Subscription Services"), aft
er you spend $5,000 or more in total Net Purchases on your Account during each t
welve (12) month period through and including your Account anniversary date ("Ca
rdmembership Year"). Net Purchases made by authorized users on the Account will 
count toward the primary cardmember’s qualifying spend. • When you meet the $5,0
00 spend threshold, statement credits will be automatically applied for up to $5
0 worth of Net Purchases of Eligible Digital Subscription Services that have pos
ted during that Cardmembership Year as of the date that the threshold is met. We
 will identify all Eligible Digital Subscription Services from the beginning of 
your Cardmembership Year and, within five (5) business days, apply statement cre
dits of up to $50.• If you have accumulated less than $50 of Eligible Digital Su
bscription Services when you meet the $5,000 spend threshold, then you will rece
ive statement credits for each new Eligible Digital Subscription Services transa
ction when it posts to your Account, up until the sooner of reaching $50 in Net 
Purchases of Eligible Digital Subscription Services or reaching the end of the C
ardmembership Year.• For example, if the total Net Purchases on Eligible Digital
 Subscription Services within your Cardmembership Year totals $25 at the time yo
u meet the $5,000 spend threshold, you will receive a $25 statement credit. If y
ou spend $20 in Eligible Digital Subscription Services each month for the next t
wo (2) months, you will receive a $20 statement credit in the first month and a 
$5 statement credit in the second month since you will have reached the $50 maxi
mum benefit.• You can log in to your Account at BarclaycardUS.com to view your p
rogress toward the annual $5,000 spend threshold, as well as Net Purchases of El
igible Digital Subscription Services that have posted to your Account.Important 
Information about Points• As long as the Program continues and the Account is op
en, active and in Good Standing, there is no limit to the total Points you can e
arn and your Points will not expire.• In the event of any abusive, gaming or fra
udulent activity related to the Account or violation of the Reward Rules, as det
ermined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding
 adjustments to or invalidate Points accrued in the Program through use of the A
ccount, to disqualify you from participating in the Program through use of the A
ccount, and/or to close your Account at any time. Abusive or gaming activity inc
ludes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards 
earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or 
multiple credit card account applications/opening, as determined by us in our so
le discretion.• You will have sixty (60) days, from the Account closure date to 
redeem any outstanding Points for cash back or gift cards, as long as your Accou
nt was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud or violation of the Reward R
ules had occurred at or before the time of closure.• All Points earned by the pr
imary cardmember and any authorized user will be added to the primary cardmember
’s Points balance.• If you do not receive credit for earned Points, please conta
ct the Customer Service number on the back of your card.• You have no property r
ights or other legal interest in Points. Points have no cash value or value of a
ny kind until they are fully redeemed.• Points may not be transferred, assigned 
or sold.• All redemptions are final. Points cannot be returned, refunded, exchan
ged or credited, unless otherwise specified.• The Program is subject to all appl
icable laws and regulations.• You are solely responsible for any taxes that may 
be owed as a result of Points earned and/or redeemed. Please consult your tax ad
visor if you have tax questions about the Program. Barclaycard does not provide 
tax advice.• You can view your current Points balance at BarclaycardUS.com and a
 summary of your Points on your monthly Account billing statement.Points Restric
tionsYou may not earn or redeem Points through use of the Account during a billi
ng cycle in which any of the following occur: • You, or any authorized user on t
he Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or en
gage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined b
y us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not lim
ited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner th
at is not consistent with typical consumer activity, and/or multiple credit card
 account applications/opening, as determined by us in our sole discretion.• You 
fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date.• Your Account beco
mes delinquent.• Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agre
ement with us.Points ForfeiturePoints earned through use of the Account may be f
orfeited if any of the following occur: • You, or any authorized user on the Acc
ount, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage i
n activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us i
n our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited t
o, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is 
not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card accoun
t applications/opening, as determined by us in our sole discretion.• Your Accoun
t becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclaycard in its sole discret
ion.• Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with 
us.• You or we close your Account for any reason. You will have sixty (60) days 
from the Account closure date to redeem any outstanding Points for cash back or 
gift cards, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, f
raud or violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of clos
ure.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program and accep
ting and using Points earned through the Program, you (on your behalf and on beh
alf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, disch
arge and hold harmless Barclaycard, and its respective parent companies, subsidi
aries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, succe
ssors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not lim
ited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program o
r travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program. Barc
laycard, Uber, and Loyalty Edge are not responsible for unauthorized redemptions
 on your Account. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement over issu
ance of Points or items received through redemptions or a cardmember’s right to 
possess Points or make redemptions.Important General Program DisclosuresWe may, 
at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict or terminate the Program or any
 aspects or features of the Program at any time without prior notice. All interp
retations of the Reward Rules shall be at our sole discretion. Other significant
 terms may apply. All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective ow
ners. We are not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this docum
ent, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials. Points cannot be combined 
with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us.Cust
omer ServiceIf you have any questions about the Program, please contact the Cust
omer Service phone number on the back of your card. Cellular Telephone Protectio
nDefinitions:Eligible Person means a cardholder (also known as cardmember) who p
ays for their monthly cellular wireless telephone (“phone” or “cell phone”) bill
 with their eligible covered credit card (“card”). You and Your means an enrolle
d cardmember who has charged their monthly cell phone bill to their card.Cell ph
ones have become an everyday necessity, which means if Your cell phone is damage
d or stolen, having it repaired or replaced is not optional. Fortunately, Cellul
ar Telephone Protection is available which provides coverage for damage to, thef
t of, or involuntary and accidental parting of Your cell phone. An involuntary a
nd accidental parting is the unintended separation from Your cell phone when its
 location is known, but recovery is impractical to complete.  This benefit is av
ailable if You are a cardmember of a covered U.S. issued card enrolled in the Ce
llular Telephone Protection benefit and You charge Your monthly cell phone bill 
to Your card for the billing cycle before the month in which the incident occurs
. Eligible cell phones are the lines listed on Your most recent cellular wireles
s service provider’s (“cell phone provider”) monthly billing statement for the b
illing cycle prior to when the incident occurred. What is covered?This benefit i
s supplemental coverage, which means that it will reimburse You for theft of, da
mage to or involuntary and accidental parting of Your cell phone not otherwise c
overed by another insurance policy (for example: cell phone insurance programs, 
 or employer’s insurance policies).Once all other applicable insurance  has been
 exhausted, Cellular Telephone Protection will provide coverage up to six-hundre
d ($600.00) dollars per claim after You have paid the twenty-five ($25.00) dolla
r deductible, with a maximum of two (2) claims and twelve-hundred ($1200.00) dol
lars per twelve (12) month period. If it is determined that, due to the theft of
, damage to, or an involuntary or accidental parting of, Your cell phone require
s replacement, You will receive the replacement value. If Your cell phone is rep
airable, You will receive an amount as determined by the diagnostic to repair th
e cell phone subject to the benefit maximum and deductible.The replacement value
 is the lesser of Your cell phone provider’s suggested retail value for the impa
cted device or the actual cost to replace the cell phone.*Note: Electronic issue
s, such as inability to charge, mechanical or battery failure, where there is no
 evidence of physical damage, are not covered under this program.When does it ap
ply?Cellular Telephone Protection applies when You make Your monthly cell phone 
bill payment with Your card. Coverage begins the first day of the calendar month
 following a payment of the cell phone bill. If You fail to make a cell phone bi
ll payment in a particular month, Your coverage will be suspended. Coverage will
 resume on the first day of the calendar month after the date any future cell ph
one bill payment is made with the card. If Your cell phone is stolen as a result
 of criminal activity, You must file a police report within forty-eight (48) hou
rs of the event.What is not covered?This benefit will not provide reimbursement 
for the following:Cell phone accessories other than standard battery and/or stan
dard antenna provided by the manufacturerCell phones purchased for resale, profe
ssional, or commercial useCell phones that are lost or “mysteriously disappear,”
 meaning that the phone vanished in an unexplained manner without evidence of a 
wrongful act by a person or personsCell phones under the care and control of a c
ommon carrier (including, but not limited to, the U.S. Postal Service, airplanes
, or delivery service)Cell phones stolen from baggage unless hand-carried and un
der Your personal supervision, or under supervision of Your traveling companionC
ell phones which have been rented, borrowed or are part of pre-paid or “pay as y
ou go” type plansCosmetic damage to the cell phone or damage that does not impac
t the cell phone’s capabilities and functionalitiesDamage or theft resulting fro
m abuse, intentional acts, fraud, hostilities of any kind (including, but not li
mited to, war, invasion, rebellion, or insurrection), confiscation by the author
ities, risks of contraband, illegal activities, normal wear and tear, flood, ear
thquake, radioactive contamination, or damage from inherent product defectsDamag
e or theft resulting from misdelivery or voluntary parting with the cell phoneTa
xes, delivery and transportation charges, and any fees associated with the cell 
phone providerHow to File a Cellular Telephone Protection Claim: Within ninety (
90) days of the date of the damage or theft, notify the Benefit Administrator at
 1-866-894-8569, or outside the U.S. call collect at 1- 303-967-1096. The Benefi
t Administrator will ask You some preliminary questions and send You the appropr
iate claim form. Please note, if You do not notify the Benefit Administrator wit
hin ninety (90) days after the damage or theft, Your claim may be denied.   Retu
rn the completed, signed claim form and the requested documentation below within
 one hundred twenty (120) days of the date of the damage or theft to the address
 provided by the Benefit Administrator.  For faster filing, or to learn more abo
ut Cellular Telephone Protection, visit www.cardbenefitservices.comPlease submit
 the following documents: The completed signed claim formA copy of Your cell pho
ne provider’s billing statement demonstrating that the entire monthly payment fo
r the cell phone bill was made the month prior to the date of damage or theft an
d has been paid with the card.If Your cell phone provider’s billing statement do
esn’t show payment with the card, a copy of Your card monthly billing statement 
that corresponds with the above cell phone monthly billing statement.A copy of t
he device summary page from Your cell phone bill or other sufficient proof of th
e claimed cell phone model linked to Your cell phone account. Eligible cell phon
es are the lines listed on Your most recent cell phone provider’s monthly billin
g statement for the billing cycle prior to when the incident occurred.If the cla
im is due to theft or criminal action, a copy of the police report filed within 
forty-eight (48) hours of the eventBased on the details of the claim, the Benefi
t Administrator may request additional verification including:An itemized repair
 estimate from an authorized cell phone repair facilityThe damaged cell phone, f
or evaluation of its damageAn itemized store receipt for the replacement cell ph
oneDocumentation (if available) of any other claim settlement such as Your cellu
lar provider or manufacturer’s insurance settlement (if applicable)Any other doc
umentation deemed necessary, in the Benefit Administrator’s sole discretion, to 
substantiate Your claim. All claims must be fully substantiated as to the time, 
place, cause, and purchase price of the cell phone.If the cell phone is damaged,
 do not discard it until the claim has been fully reviewed.How will I be reimbur
sed?Depending on the nature and circumstances of Your claim, the Benefit Adminis
trator may choose to repair or replace Your cell phone or reimburse You for the 
lesser of:a) Six hundred ($600.00) dollars in excess of the twenty-five ($25.00)
 dollar deductible; orb) The current cell phone provider’s suggested retail valu
e of a similar model replacement cell phone, or the actual cost to replace it, w
hichever is lower (not including taxes, delivery and transportation charges or f
ees associated with the cell phone provider), less Your twenty-five ($25.00) dol
lar deductible.c) If Your cell phone is repairable, You will receive an amount, 
as determined by the diagnostic, to repair the cell phone less Your twenty-five 
($25.00) dollar deductible.Under normal circumstances, reimbursement will take p
lace within ten (10) business days of receipt and approval of Your claim form an
d all necessary documents.Additional Provisions for Cellular Telephone Protectio
n:Signed or pinned transactions are covered as long as You use Your eligible acc
ount to secure the transaction.You shall do all things reasonable to avoid or di
minish any loss covered by this benefit. This provision will not be unreasonably
 applied to avoid claims.If You make any claim knowing it to be false or fraudul
ent in any respect, no coverage shall exist for such claim, and Your benefit may
 be cancelled. Each cardmember agrees that representations regarding claims will
 be accurate and complete. Any and all relevant provisions shall be void in any 
case of fraud, intentional concealment, or misrepresentation of material fact.No
 legal action for a claim may be brought against the Provider until sixty (60) d
ays after the Provider receives proof of loss. No legal action against the Provi
der may be brought more than two (2) years after the time for giving proof of lo
ss. Further, no legal action may be brought against the Provider unless all the 
terms of the Guide to Benefits have been complied with fully.This benefit is pro
vided to eligible cardmembers at no additional cost. The terms and conditions co
ntained in this Guide to Benefits may be modified by subsequent endorsements. Mo
difications to the terms and conditions may be provided via additional Guide to 
Benefits mailings, statement inserts, statement messages, emails and website not
ifications. The benefits described in this Guide to Benefits will not apply to c
ardmembers whose Accounts have been suspended or cancelled.Termination dates may
 vary by financial institutions. Your financial institution can cancel or non-re
new the benefits for cardmembers, and if they do, they will notify You at least 
thirty (30) days in advance. Indemnity Insurance Company of North America (“Prov
ider”) is the underwriter of these benefits and is solely responsible for its ad
ministration and claims. The Benefit Administrator provides services on behalf o
f the Provider.After the Benefit Administrator has paid Your claim, all Your rig
hts and remedies against any party in respect of this claim will be transferred 
to the Benefit Administrator to the extent of the payment made to You. You must 
give the Benefit Administrator all assistance as may reasonably be required to s
ecure all rights and remedies.© 2017 Barclays Bank Delaware, member FDIC        
                