                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases15.49%, 21.49% or 28.49%, based on your credit
 worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for B
alance Transfers15.49%, 21.49%, or 28.49% based on your credit worthiness.This A
PR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances28.74%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.How to Avoid Paying I
nterest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after the close of each bi
lling cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire
 balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf you are charged in
terest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card Tips from the Consu
mer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when appl
ying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Pro
tection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. FeesAnnual Fee$0Tran
saction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, wh
ichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advan
ce, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction3% of each transaction in U.S. dolla
rs.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, s
ee below) Returned PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see 
below) How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance
 (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the accou
nt is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new purch
ases)".Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information about the Barclaycar
d Visa with Apple Rewards Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully
 review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are
 earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer bef
ore applying.Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for
 residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up 
to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).The Annual Percentage R
ate (APR) For Your Initial Apple Purchase(s)1. If your total Apple purchases mad
e within the first 30 days equal less than $499.00**:Qualifying Apple purchases 
that post to your account for less than $499 (a “Deferred Financing Purchase”) w
ill receive a 180 day (approximately 6 months) no interest /deferred financing p
romotion for which interest will be deferred for 180  days provided that timely 
payments are made on the account and the Deferred Financing Purchase is paid in 
full on or before the 180th day after the applicable purchase date (such end dat
e the “Promotional End Date”). If the Deferred Financing Purchase is not paid in
 full by the Promotional End Date or if you make a late payment, interest charge
s will be assessed for the entire promotional period at the then applicable rate
 for Purchases during the promotional period (currently a 15.49%, 21.49% or 28.4
9% variable rate, based on your credit worthiness). This APR will vary with the 
market based on the Prime Rate.  2. If your total Apple purchases made within th
e first 30 days are greater than or equal to $499.00** but less than $999.00**:Q
ualifying Apple purchases that post to your account for $499-$998.99 (a “Deferre
d Financing Purchase”) will receive a 365 day (approximately 12 months) no inter
est /deferred financing promotion for which interest will be deferred for 365 da
ys provided that timely payments are made on the account and the Deferred Financ
ing Purchase is paid in full on or before the 365th day after the applicable pur
chase date (such end date the “Promotional End Date”). If the Deferred Financing
 Purchase is not paid in full by the Promotional End Date or if you make a late 
payment, interest charges will be assessed for the entire promotional period at 
the then applicable rate for Purchases during the promotional period (currently 
a 15.49%, 21.49% or 28.49% variable rate, based on your credit worthiness). This
 APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.    3. If your total Appl
e purchases made within the first 30 days equal $999.00 or more**:Qualifying App
le purchases that post to your account for $999 or more (a “Deferred Financing P
urchase”) will receive a 540 day (approximately 18 months) no interest /deferred
 financing promotion for which interest will be deferred for 540 days provided t
hat timely payments are made on the account and the Deferred Financing Purchase 
is paid in full on or before the 540th day after the applicable purchase date (s
uch end date the “Promotional End Date”). If the Deferred Financing Purchase is 
not paid in full by the Promotional End Date or if you make a late payment, inte
rest charges will be assessed for the entire promotional period at the then appl
icable rate for Purchases during the promotional period (currently a 15.49%, 21.
49% or 28.49% variable rate, based on your credit worthiness). This APR will var
y with the market based on the Prime Rate.4. **What is a Qualifying Apple Purcha
se: The promotional financing offer applies to purchases made only at the Apple 
Online Store, Apple Store or 1-800-MY-APPLE within the first 30 days of account 
opening.**IMPORTANT : Purchases made at apple.com, Apple Stores or 1-800-MY-APPL
E are billed to your account when the merchandise is available and shipped to yo
u. If a partial order that is shipped and billed to your account is an amount th
at is less than $999 then your account will not initially be given the 18 month 
promotional deferred interest offer and instead your initial statements will ref
lect the promotional offer described above for a transaction that is less than $
999. Barclaycard will monitor your account and will aggregate the total dollar a
mount spent at apple.com, Apple Stores or 1-800-MY-APPLE within the first 30 day
s after the opening of your new account.  If it is determined that the amount is
 $999 or more, you will receive the 18 month deferred financing promotional offe
r on all qualifying Apple purchases.  If the total amount is greater than or equ
al to $499 and less than $999, you will receive the 12 month deferred financing 
promotional offer on all qualifying Apple purchases.  If the total amount is les
s than $499, you will receive the 6 month deferred financing promotional offer o
n all qualifying Apple purchases.  This adjustment will occur no later than your
 2nd or 3rd billing statement.Agreement: The use of any account opened in connec
tion with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Ca
rdmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account t
erms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subje
ct to change to the extent permitted by law.  You agree that if you are not appr
oved for a Signature account you may be approved for a Platinum account.++Your T
elephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you a
pply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to c
ontact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and 
to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Stand
ard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.About This Offer: You must b
e at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are r
esidents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US terr
itories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an account wi
th us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income c
riteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insuf
ficient based on your current obligations,    we may be unable to open an accoun
t for you, or you may receive a Platinum card. Platinum benefits differ from Sig
nature benefits. Please review the materials provided with your card for details
. About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit re
port in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an a
ccount for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to oth
ers our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addre
sses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. About the 
Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The W
all Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotion
al purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 10.74%, 16.74% or 23.74% to 
the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 
23.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APR
s noted above are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Prime Rate of 4.75%.*Importan
t Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government
 fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law req
uires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that 
identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you ap
ply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, so
cial security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. 
We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country 
of citizenship.Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance tran
sfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, Amer
ican Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance tra
nsfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on 
your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to
 your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be re
duced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserv
e the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not pr
ocess a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with u
s. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not tr
ansfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may l
ose your dispute rights.Upon approval of your application we will process the re
quested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on t
he 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you
 may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of 
your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accou
nts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the oth
er account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from an
other account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card 
account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once y
ou are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny bala
nce transfer requests at any time and for any reason.Credit Limit: We do not per
mit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request 
for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular
 credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and 
prior to processing any balance transfer request.Cash Equivalent Purchases: The 
purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, 
gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cas
h advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.New York Residents:
 New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Servi
ces by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free 
information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods.Notice to O
hio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors m
ake credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit repo
rting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon reques
t.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.Notice
 to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral state
ment or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affec
t our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the 
agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understan
d that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.About Us
 and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administer
ed by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any accou
nt opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the S
tate of Delaware.  Visa is a registered trademark of VISA USA, Inc. and is used 
by us pursuant to a license.The information contained in these disclosures is ac
curate as of 03/30/2018 and may change after this date.Information Sharing:Barcl
aycard's Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. In additio
n, Apple and Barclaycard may share my name, contact information and experiential
 and transaction information, as well as information necessary to administer the
 Barclaycard Visa with Apple Rewards in conjunction with the Barclaycard Visa wi
th Apple Rewards Card.BARCLAYCARD VISA® WITH APPLE REWARDS REWARD RULESThis docu
ment contains the official Reward Rules for the Barclaycard Visa with Apple Rewa
rds Account ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclaycard", "we", "
us", or "our") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Reward Rules"
) for your Account reward program ("Program"). Use of your Account constitutes y
our acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmem
ber Agreement (“Cardmember Agreement”). "You", "your" or "primary cardmember" me
ans the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in the
se Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.Th
e Privacy Policy for Barclaycard is available online at BarclaycardUS.com. You a
gree that Barclaycard and Apple will share information to the extent needed to a
dminister the Program.Reward Rules AdministrationTo maintain your eligibility fo
r participation in the Program through use of the Account:You must maintain an o
pen Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (in “
Good Standing”). See sections titled “Points Restrictions” and “Points Forfeitur
e” for more details.Your Account cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cycles 
in a row (representing approximately 6 months). “Inactive” means you have no bal
ance, no payments and no purchases and/or transactions.You must be an individual
 (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use th
e Account only for personal, family or household expenses.Earning PointsYou earn
 points for purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) ma
de by you and/or any authorized user of the Account as follows:You earn 3 points
 for every $1.00 spent on Net Purchases made at apple.com, Apple Stores, 1-800-M
Y-APPLE and iTunes Store.You earn 2 points for every $1.00 spent on Net Purchase
s at restaurants. Qualifying restaurant purchases are defined as: Restaurants an
d Fast Food restaurants, as identified by the merchant category codes.You earn 1
 point for every $1.00 spent on all other Net Purchases.Purchases must be submit
ted by merchants using the merchant category codes for purchases in the specifie
d categories to qualify for the additional points. Barclaycard and Apple are not
 responsible for incorrectly coded purchases. Additional points may not be earne
d if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or
 if you use a mobile or digital wallet to pay for the purchase. Additionally, pu
rchases made through third parties, including online marketplaces and resellers,
 or using third-party payment account will not earn additional points.Balance tr
ansfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as, but not 
limited to, the use of your Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, f
oreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fr
audulent purchases do not earn points.When a purchase is not a whole dollar amou
nt, any amount that is equal to or greater than $0.50 will be rounded up to the 
nearest whole dollar and any amount that is equal to or less than $0.49 will be 
rounded down to the nearest whole dollar to calculate your points earned. For ex
ample, if you make a purchase in the amount of $25.50, you will be awarded 26 po
ints, but if the purchase amount is $25.49, you will be awarded 25 points.From t
ime to time, we may offer bonuses of points or other incentives to new Barclayca
rd Visa with Apple Rewards cardmembers in connection with an application for a n
ew account. These bonuses and /or incentives are intended for persons who are no
t and have not previously been Barclaycard Visa with Apple Rewards cardmembers. 
You understand and agree that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/
or incentives in connection with a new Barclaycard Visa with Apple Rewards accou
nt after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or incentive for which y
ou are not eligible due to your status as a current or former Barclaycard Visa w
ith Apple Rewards cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or reduce yo
ur points by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Account for th
e fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.Redeeming PointsY
ou will automatically be issued either Apple or iTunes Gift Cards and your point
s will automatically be redeemed based upon the threshold you selected for your 
gift card preferences. If you did not update your gift card preferences, you wil
l automatically be issued a $25 Apple Gift Card by mail each time you accumulate
 2,500 points.You can modify gift card preferences such as delivery method or de
nomination whenever you’d like by contacting the Barclaycard Customer Service ph
one number on the back of your credit card or logging in to your Account at Barc
laycardUS.com. Any changes to the denomination selection will impact the amount 
of points required for the gift card (2,500 points equals a $25 gift card, 5,000
 points equals a $50 gift card or 10,000 points equals $100 gift card).Gift card
s by mail will be sent to the billing address associated with your Account withi
n 7 to 14 business days after your billing statement in which you earned the gif
t card. If you switch your delivery method to electronic delivery, the gift card
 will be sent to the email address of record with Barclaycard within 24 hours af
ter your billing statement in which you earned the gift card.Gift cards do not e
xpire once awarded.Gift cards cannot be replaced if lost or stolen.Gift cards ar
e valid within the United States only.All redemptions are final. Points gift car
ds can’t be returned, refunded, exchanged or credited, unless otherwise specifie
d.Important Information about Points As long as the Program continues and the Ac
count is open, active and in Good Standing, there is no limit to the total point
s you can earn and your points will not expire.In the event of any abusive, gami
ng or fraudulent activity related to the Account or violation of the Reward Rule
s, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to make corr
esponding adjustments to or invalidate points accrued in the Program through use
 of the Account, to disqualify you from participating in the Program through use
 of the Account, and/or to close your Account at any time. Abusive or gaming act
ivity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize re
wards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity a
nd/or multiple credit card account applications/openings, as determined by us in
 our sole discretion.When your Account is closed, if you have enough points for 
a gift card, it will be automatically sent to you based on your delivery prefere
nces, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming, fraud o
r violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of closure.Al
l points earned by the primary cardmember and any authorized user will be added 
to the primary cardmember’s points balance.If you do not receive credit for earn
ed points, please contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card.Y
ou have no property rights or other legal interest in points. Point amounts have
 no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed.Points may not
 be transferred or assigned.The Program is subject to all applicable laws and re
gulations.You are solely responsible for any taxes that may be owed as a result 
of points earned and/or redeemed. Please consult your tax advisor if you have ta
x questions about the Program. Barclaycard does not provide tax advice.You can v
iew your current points balance at BarclaycardUS.com and a summary of your point
s on your monthly Account billing statement.Point RestrictionsYou may not earn o
r redeem points through use of the Account during a billing cycle in which any o
f the following occur:You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any 
illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is d
eemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretio
n. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using a
n account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typ
ical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/openings
, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You fail to make the minimum paymen
t due by the payment due date.Your Account becomes delinquent.Your Account is ot
herwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.Points ForfeiturePoin
ts earned through use of the Account may be forfeited if any of the following oc
cur:You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity t
hrough the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusiv
e or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gami
ng activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maxim
ize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer acti
vity and/or multiple credit card applications/openings, as determined by us in o
ur sole discretion.Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by B
arclaycard in its sole discretion.Your Account is otherwise in default under you
r Cardmember Agreement with us.When your Account is closed, if you have enough p
oints for a gift card it will be automatically sent to you based on your deliver
y preferences, as long as your Account was in Good Standing and no abuse, gaming
, fraud or violation of the Reward Rules had occurred at or before the time of c
losure.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program and ac
cepting and using points earned through the Program, you (on your behalf and on 
behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, di
scharge and hold harmless Barclaycard,  Apple and their respective parent compan
ies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, dire
ctors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including,
 but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in t
he Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the P
rogram. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of po
ints or items received through redemptions or a cardmember’s right to possess po
ints. Apple is not responsible for any loss or damage resulting from lost or sto
len gift cards or use without your permission. All rights reserved. Apple and it
s licensees, affiliates, and licensors make no warranties, express or implied, w
ith respect to prepaid gift cards or the Apple Store and disclaim any warranty t
o the fullest extent available. These limitations may not apply to you. Void whe
re prohibited. Not for resale. Subject to full terms and conditions, available a
t https://www.apple.com/legal/giftcards/applestore/for Apple Store Gift Card and
 https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/giftcards/us/terms.html fo
r iTunes Gift Card. Content purchased from the Apple Store is for personal lawfu
l use only. Don’t steal music.Important General Program DisclosuresBarclaycard r
eserves the right to correct inaccurate points values represented on statements,
 our website and/or our mobile app, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole 
discretion, cancel, modify, restrict or terminate the Program or any aspects or 
features of the Program at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of
 the Reward Rules shall be at our sole discretion. Other significant terms may a
pply. Apple, Apple Store and iTunes are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. All 
trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not respo
nsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile a
pp, or any marketing materials. Points cannot be combined with other discount or
 reward programs unless specifically authorized by us.Customer ServiceIf you hav
e any questions about the Program, please contact the Customer Service phone num
ber on the back of your card.     ©2018 Barclays Bank Delaware, member FDIC APS 
_12/7/2018                                                                     