Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

18.24%, 22.24% or 27.24%, based on your credit worthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers

18.24%, 22.24%, or 27.24% based on your credit worthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

27.49%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases

Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

Minimum Interest Charge

If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

 
Fees
Annual Fee

$99

Transaction Fees:

 

Balance Transfer

Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Cash Advance

Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction

0% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.

Penalty Fees:

 

Late Payment

Up to $39 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

Returned Payment

Up to $39 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)".
Terms and Conditions Continued:
Important Information about the Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.

Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $39  (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $39 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).
Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  
++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.
About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations, we may be unable to open an account for you. Please review the materials provided with your card for details.    
About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. 
About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 12.74%, 16.74% or 21.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 01/31/2019 using a Prime Rate of 5.5%.

*Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.
Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights. Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.
Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.
Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. 
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.
About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated, and is used by us pursuant to a license. 
Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if the request for express delivery is made before 3:00 p.m. ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00 p.m. ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered. 
The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 01/31/2019 and may change after this date.
Information Sharing:
Barclays' Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I agree that Barclays Bank Delaware, Hawaiian Airlines and Bank of Hawaii may share information about me and my Account to the extent needed to administer the Hawaiian Airlines® World Elite Mastercard® in conjunction with the Hawaiian Airlines® World Elite Mastercard® Rewards Program.
Hawaiian Airlines® World Elite Mastercard® and Hawaiian Airlines® Bank of Hawaii World Elite Mastercard® Reward RulesThis document contains the official Reward Rules for the Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Mastercard Account ("Account") issued by Barclays Bank Delaware ("Barclays", "we", "us", or "our") and includes important conditions and limitations ("Reward Rules"). Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement (“Cardmember Agreement”). "You", "your" or "primary cardmember" means the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.HawaiianMiles is a frequent flyer loyalty program offered by Hawaiian Airlines (the “Program”).  The 12- month period through and including your Account open date and every 12-month period through your anniversary date thereafter is the defined period known as your (“Cardmembership year”).Reward Rules AdministrationTo maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program through use of the Account:
You must maintain an open Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (in “Good Standing”). See sections titled “HawaiianMiles® Restrictions” and “HawaiianMiles Forfeiture” for more details.Your Account cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 6 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments and no purchases and/or transactions.You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Account only for personal, family or household expenses.You must pay your annual fee. Program Membership 
If you included the primary cardmember’s HawaiianMiles Program account number on your application, we will add that number to your Account automatically. Earning HawaiianMilesYou earn HawaiianMiles for purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user of the Account as follows:
Cardmembers will earn 3 HawaiianMiles for every one U.S. dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases spent directly from Hawaiian Airlines. Duty Free purchases made inflight on Hawaiian Airlines are not considered direct purchases from Hawaiian Airlines and therefore do not qualify for3 HawaiianMiles for every one U.S. dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases.You earn 2 HawaiianMiles for every $1 spent on gas, grocery store (excluding Target® and Walmart®) and dining Net Purchases. Net Purchases are as described in the section below titled “Gas, Grocery Store & Dining Purchases.”Cardmembers will earn one (1) HawaiianMile for every one U.S. dollar ($1.00) spent of Net Purchases made on the Account.Purchases must be submitted by merchants using the merchant category codes for purchases in the above specified categories to qualify for the additional HawaiianMiles. Barclays and Hawaiian Airlines are not responsible for incorrectly coded purchases.Additional HawaiianMiles may not be earned if the merchant submits the purchase using a mobile or wireless card reader or if you use a mobile or digital wallet to pay for the purchase.Additionally, purchases made through third parties, including online marketplaces and resellers, or using a third-party payment account will not earn additional HawaiianMiles.Balance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases do not earn HawaiianMiles.When a purchase is not a whole dollar amount, any amount that is equal to or greater than $0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar and any amount that is equal to or less than $0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole dollar to calculate your HawaiianMiles earned. For example, if you make a purchase in the amount of $25.50, you will be awarded 26 HawaiianMiles but if the purchase amount is $25.49, you will be awarded 25 HawaiianMiles.Gas, Grocery Store & Dining PurchasesGas purchases are defined as automated fuel dispensers and service stations, as identified by the merchant category codes. Grocery store purchases are defined as grocery stores and supermarkets, as identified by the merchant category code, excluding Target® and Walmart®. Please note, some merchants that sell grocery items, such as warehouse clubs, drug stores, discount stores and merchants that sell a limited number of grocery items generally do not use the grocery store merchant category code. Dining purchases are categorized as eating places, restaurants, bars, taverns and fast food merchants.Bonus HawaiianMilesYou will receive a one-time 60,000 HawaiianMiles bonus after you spend $2,000 in Net Purchases within the first ninety (90) days of Account open date. The bonus will be reflected on the billing statement in which you have qualified to earn the bonus.  Please allow 6-8 weeks for HawaiianMiles bonus miles to be deposited into your Program account after the qualifying purchase(s) have posted to your Account. This offer may be cancelled at any time without notice.From time to time, we may offer bonuses of HawaiianMiles or other incentives to new Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Mastercard cardmembers in connection with an application for a new account. These bonuses and/or incentives are intended for persons who are not and have not previously been Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Mastercard cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Mastercard account after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current or former Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Mastercard cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or reduce your HawaiianMiles by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Account for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.Redeeming HawaiianMilesHawaiian Airlines manages the Program including redemption. You can obtain information regarding the redemption options available by calling 877-426-4537 or online at hawaiianairlines.com.
 Important Information about HawaiianMiles
As long as the Program continues and the Account is open, active and in Good Standing, there is no limit to the total HawaiianMiles you can earn using your Account.In the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Account or violation of the Reward Rules, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding adjustments to or invalidate HawaiianMiles accrued in the Program through use of the Account, to disqualify you from participating in the Program through use of the Account, and/or to close your Account at any time. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an Account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/opening, as determined by us in our sole discretion.All HawaiianMiles earned by the primary cardmember and any authorized user, through use of the Account, will be transferred to the primary cardmember’s Program account after the close of each billing statement. Your Program account is subject to the HawaiianMiles Program terms and conditions, located at hawaiianairlines.com, which includes expiration and forfeiture policies.If you do not receive credit for earned HawaiianMiles through use of your Account, please contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card.You have no property rights or other legal interest in HawaiianMiles. HawaiianMiles have no cash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed. HawaiianMiles may not be assigned, transferred, or pledged, except as provided in the HawaiianMiles Share Miles section below.You are responsible for any tax liability related to participating in the Program.Participation in the Program through use of your Account is subject to all applicable laws and regulations. The sale or barter of any reward offered through the Program earned through use of the Account, other than by us, is expressly prohibited.You can view a summary of your HawaiianMiles earned through the use of your Account on your monthly Account billing statement or by logging into com. Your total Program account balance is available by calling 877-426-4537 or online at hawaiianairlines.com.Barclays is not responsible for awarding the HawaiianMiles to your Program account or for arranging or providing for any goods or services related to the use of HawaiianMiles, for any delay, failure, or refusal by Hawaiian Airlines to award or redeem HawaiianMiles, or for any decision by Hawaiian Airlines to revoke or cancel HawaiianMiles or membership in the Program. HawaiianMiles RestrictionsYou may not earn HawaiianMiles through use of the Account during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date.Your Account becomes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us. HawaiianMiles ForfeitureHawaiianMiles earned through use of the Account, but not yet transferred to Hawaiian Airlines may be forfeited if any of the following occur:
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclays in its sole discretion.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us. Additional Benefits of your AccountCompanion Travel Discount
You are eligible to receive a single one-time 50% discount toward one published full coach round-trip fare for a companion. The one-time 50% companion discount offer is good for 13 months from the time the Account is opened and is subject to change.You are also eligible to receive one companion discount for $100 discount off one companion ticket at each Account anniversary. The $100 discount off one companion ticket at each credit card Account anniversary is good for 12 months from Account anniversary and is subject to change. The following provisions apply to both the one-time 50% companion discount and the $100 discount off one companion ticket travel benefits:
 
These discounts are good on roundtrip coach travel between Hawaii and North America, booked directly with Hawaiian Airlines through the primary cardmember’s HawaiianMiles account.The discount will be off of one published full coach roundtrip base fare for a companion, which does not include taxes, fees or surcharges, with the purchase of one published full coach roundtrip fare. Additional taxes, fees and charges including Passenger Facility Charge, Federal Excise Taxes, Canadian VAT/GST and customs/immigration charges, as well as the September 11 Security Fee, apply to all tickets purchased and are not included in the base fare.Primary cardmember must be one of the passengers on the flight record. Both passengers (primary cardmember and companion) must be booked for travel on the same flight record, fare and class of service, and must travel on all flight segments together.Offer must be redeemed through the primary cardmember’s Program account.Offer is valid for all Hawaiian Airlines flights between Hawaii and North America. The offer is not valid on Neighbor Island flights or international flights.Offer is not valid on codeshare flights with partner airlines.Offer is not valid on multi-city flights.Offer may not be combined with, applied to, or applied towards HawaiianMiles flight awards redeemed using HawaiianMiles.Companion travel discounts have no cash value and cannot be transferred or sold.Visit HawaiianAirlines.com/MastercardDiscount for more information on how to redeem your travel discount.Standard Hawaiian Airlines eCertificate Terms and Conditions apply. See hawaiianairlines.com for complete terms. Baggage Fee Waiver
The Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Mastercard primary cardmember is eligible to receive one (1) free checked bag on Hawaiian Airlines operated flights. Authorized users of the primary cardmembers’ Account do not qualify for the free first checked bag benefit. This is only for travel between North America and Hawaii and between Neighbor Islands (interisland). International flights are excluded.All ticket purchases (original and exchanges) must be made with your Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Mastercard.Ticket purchases must be made directly from Hawaiian Airlines (HawaiianAirlines.com, Hawaiian Airlines Reservations department and Hawaiian Airlines airport ticket counters) to qualify for one free checked bag. Tickets purchased from third parties (i.e. ID90, travel agencies, etc.) are not eligible.The primary cardmember must provide their HawaiianMiles account number associated with the Account within their reservations any time prior to check-in. You must be a current primary cardmember upon check-in to be eligible.Offer is not valid on codeshare flight segments operated by Hawaiian Airlines and marketed by other airline partners. Please refer to the Hawaiian Airlines website: http://help.hawaiianairlines.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/403/related/1 regarding codeshare baggage restrictions.Pualani Platinum, Pualani Gold and Premier Club Primary Cardmembers will receive an additional (1) free checked bag in addition to their existing membership baggage allowance.Checked bag fee waiver is limited to the first bag for the primary cardmember only. Applicable overweight and excess baggage fees will apply. Please refer to www.HawaiianAirlines.com/bag-fees/ for more information on Hawaiian Airlines baggage policy.  Discounted Flight Awards 
You are eligible to receive a discount on flight awards for travel on Hawaiian Airlines.Discounted flight awards are only accessible through the primary cardmember’s HawaiianMiles account online at hawaiianairlines.com. InFlight Purchase Credit (Pualani Platinum and Pualani Gold Members Only)
You must be a current Pualani Platinum or Pualani Gold HawaiianMiles member at the time of purchase to be eligible for a maximum $100 annual statement credit towards InFlight purchases.You will be allowed a $10 maximum InFlight credit redemption per day for qualified purchases.Qualified purchases are purchases such as but not limited to onboard entertainment, beverages and premium meals made only on Hawaiian Airlines flights:Purchases must be made with your Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Mastercard.Duty Free, preferred seating, class upgrades purchases are not included.If the total $100 companion discount credit has not been awarded by your Account anniversary date no residual credit will be carried over into the following cycle.InFlight purchase credit benefit is good for one (1) year starting from the Account open or anniversary date as long as HawaiianMiles Pualani Platinum or Gold membership is maintained. If you close your Account, the remaining credit will be forfeited. HawaiianMiles Share Miles 
As a Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Mastercard primary cardmember, you can receive HawaiianMiles from friends and family online at hawaiianairlines.com.There are no transaction fees for HawaiianMiles transfers, no charges per mile, or no minimum or maximum number of HawaiianMiles transferred to cardmembers.You must have a current email address on file within your Program account to receive HawaiianMiles transferred with the Share Miles program.Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Mastercard cardmembers may receive HawaiianMiles transferred from friends and family up to a maximum of ten (10) times per calendar year.The HawaiianMiles transferer must be a current HawaiianMiles Program member and may perform an unlimited amount of transfer transactions using the Share Miles program.Full terms and conditions for the sharing of HawaiianMiles are available at HawaiianAirlines.com/legal/HawaiianMiles-terms-and-conditions. HawaiianMiles Select Partners
You may earn bonus HawaiianMiles per one dollar spent at select HawaiianMiles partners. Refer to https://www.hawaiianairlines.com/merchant-partners/hawaiianmiles-marketplace for details.Payments for purchases at select HawaiianMiles partners must be made with your Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Mastercard.If any part of the payment is made with cash, check, or by means other than your Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Mastercard, you will earn extra HawaiianMiles only on the amount paid with your Hawaiian Airlines World Elite Mastercard.HawaiianMiles will be credited only to the primary cardmember’s HawaiianMiles Program account.Please allow 6-8 weeks for HawaiianMiles to post to your HawaiianMiles Program account.Participating HawaiianMiles select partners are subject to change at any time. Visit https://www.hawaiianairlines.com/merchant-partners/hawaiianmiles-marketplace for partner listing and restrictions. Responsibility of the Parties/Information SharingHawaiian Airlines is not a party to the Cardmember Agreement between you and Barclays, does not participate in any extension of credit, and has no authority regarding the Account. Barclays has no authority regarding the Program and is not responsible for any goods or services offered by Hawaiian Airlines. You authorize Barclays to share information about your Account with Hawaiian Airlines and its affiliates and authorize Hawaiian Airlines to share information about your Program membership, to the extent needed to administer the Program and the Account. You also agree that Barclays may share Account information as set forth in Barclays’s Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy for Barclays is available online at HawaiianCreditCard.com.Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program through use of the Account and accepting HawaiianMiles, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclays, Hawaiian Airlines, and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program through use of the Account or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program through use of the Account. Barclays has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of HawaiianMiles or a cardmember’s right to possess HawaiianMiles.
 Important General Program DisclosuresThe HawaiianMiles Program is subject to change without prior notification. Other significant terms may apply. For the most current information, visit https://www.hawaiianairlines.com/legal/hawaiianmiles-terms-and-conditions. HawaiianMiles is not a product or program of Barclays. Barclays reserves the right to correct inaccurate HawaiianMiles values represented on statements, our website and/or our mobile app, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict, or terminate the Reward Rules or any aspects or features of the Reward Rules at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be in our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply. All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners.  Barclays is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials. HawaiianMiles earned through use of the Account cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us or Hawaiian Airlines.Customer ServiceIf you have any questions about your Account, please contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your card.     © 2018 Barclays Bank Delaware, Member FDIC.                                                        
 HBL_HCL_HR04_2018                                                                                                                                                                      BAR-6687-0

