                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases16.49%, 20.49% or 23.49%, based on your credit
 worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.0% promot
ional APR for six billing cycles from the transaction date on all "Qualifying Di
amond Resorts International®  Vacation Ownership Purchases" (see below).After th
at, your APR for Qualifying Diamond Resorts International®  Vacation Ownership P
urchases will be 16.49%, 20.49% or 23.49%, based on your credit worthiness. This
 APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Balance Transfers
0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles following each balance 
transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.After that
, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account opening)
 your APR will be 16.49%, 20.49%, or 23.49% based on your credit worthiness. Thi
s APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cash Advances26.
74%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.How to Avoid Payin
g Interest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after the close of each
 billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your ent
ire balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf you are charged
 interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card Tips from the Co
nsumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when a
pplying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. FeesAnnual Fee$0T
ransaction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer,
 whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash ad
vance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction3% of each transaction in U.S. do
llars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state
, see below) Returned PaymentUp to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, s
ee below)  How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily bal
ance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the a
ccount is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new p
urchases)". Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information about the Diamo
nd Resorts Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the rew
ard benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), inter
est rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.Fe
es that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of I
owa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 for resi
dents of Iowa at time of account opening).The "Qualifying Diamond Resorts Intern
ational®  Vacation Ownership Purchase" means all Diamond Resorts International® 
 Vacation Ownership timeshare down payment purchases made with the credit card a
ccount as determined by the merchant identification number provided by Diamond R
esorts International®.Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection wit
h this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember
 Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as
 well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to ch
ange to the extent permitted by law.  ++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us
 with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you au
thorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number about yo
ur account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing servic
e, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling 
charges may apply.About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This o
ffer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States, wit
h the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available
 if you already have or have had an account with us. If at the time of your appl
ication you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for
 this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obli
gations, we may be unable to open an account for you. Please review the material
s provided with your card for details.    About Your Credit Report: You agree th
at we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of yo
ur application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your accou
nt.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If y
ou ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we
 obtained a report about you. About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use th
e highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business 
day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we
 add either 11.74%, 15.74% or 18.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworth
iness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardm
ember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 03/30/20
18 using a Prime Rate of 4.75%.Important Information About Procedures for Openin
g a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money
 laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtai
n, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an accou
nt. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your 
name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other informati
on that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identify
ing documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.Balance Transfers. Here's 
How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account
 number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account th
at you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you reque
st exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline t
he request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of availabl
e credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the r
elated balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any req
uested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance fro
m any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from 
the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchas
e or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.Upon approval of 
your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the a
ccount(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your c
ard; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by cont
acting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up
 to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until 
the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like
 to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Masterc
ard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on 
the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are su
bject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for
 any reason.Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on a
ny purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addit
ion, during this introductory period we will not charge you interest on purchase
s if you pay by the due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus
 any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you
 should pay at least the minimum payment due on your account each month.Credit L
imit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not 
consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a reque
st for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account 
independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.Cash Equival
ent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency
, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions
 are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department
 of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.df
s.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace 
periods. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require 
that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, 
and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each in
dividual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance 
with this law.Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreeme
nt, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law 
will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you gi
ve us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge o
f it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to 
your spouse.About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is i
ssued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmi
ngton, DE. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed 
by the laws of the State of Delaware. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Ma
stercard International Incorporated, and is used by us pursuant to a license. Ex
press Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via ne
xt day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if your request for express d
elivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00p
m ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your
 home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(
s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.The 
information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 03/30/2018 and may 
change after this date.Barclays' Privacy Policy is available online at www.Barcl
aycardUS.com. I agree that Barclays Bank Delaware and Diamond Resorts Internatio
nal® may share information about me and my account to the extent needed to admin
ister the Diamond Resorts International® World Mastercard® in conjunction with t
he Diamond Resorts International® World Mastercard® Rewards Program.Diamond Reso
rts International® World Mastercard® RewardsProgram RulesThis document contains 
the official Rewards Program Rules (“Program Rules”) for the Diamond Resorts Int
ernational® World Mastercard® Program (the “Program”) and includes important con
ditions and limitations. Use of your Diamond Resorts International® World Master
card® (“the Card”) constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described be
low and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement. Please read these Program Rules a
nd keep this document in a safe place. Capitalized terms not defined in these Pr
ogram Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.Progra
m AdministrationThe Program is administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (“Barclayc
ard”) located in Wilmington, DE (“we”, “us” or “our”). Barclaycard’s Privacy Pol
icy is available online at BarclaycardUS.com. Barclaycard and Diamond Resorts Co
rporation (“Diamond Resorts”) are responsible for establishing the terms and con
ditions of the Program and reserve the right to modify, amend, or terminate the 
Program at any time, with or without notice.Gift cards/certificates, merchandise
 and travel redemptions are administered by Loyalty Edge, Inc. (“Loyalty Edge”) 
an independent company not affiliated with Barclaycard or Diamond Resorts. Diamo
nd Resorts is not a party to the Cardmember Agreement between you and us, does n
ot participate in any extension of credit, and has no authority regarding the Ac
count. Barclaycard is the sole creditor and owner of the Account. Barclaycard an
d Diamond Resorts will share information to the extent needed to administer the 
Program and the Diamond Plus Points™ Program. Earning Diamond Plus Points™• You 
earn Diamond Plus Points™ for retail purchases less credits, returns, and adjust
ments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any Authorized User(s) of the Account
.• You earn Diamond Plus Points™ in the following amounts based upon the types o
f purchase transactions made using your Account: 2 Diamond Plus Points™ per $1 s
pent at Diamond Resorts managed properties. For a list of Diamond Resorts manage
d properties, please go to BarclaysEligibleResorts.DiamondResorts.com.1 Diamond 
Plus Point™ per $1 spent on all other Net Purchases made with your Account.• No 
Diamond Plus Points™ will be earned on any Diamond Resorts vacation ownership ti
meshare down payment transactions made with your Account.• When a purchase or tr
ansaction is not a whole dollar amount, any fraction equal to or greater than $0
.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar and any fraction equal to or 
less than $0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole dollar to calculate Di
amond Plus Points™ earned. For example, if you make a purchase in the amount of 
$49.49, 49 Diamond Plus Points™ will be awarded, but if the transaction amount i
s $49.50, 50 Diamond Plus Points™ will be awarded.• Balance Transfers, Cash Adva
nces (including Cash Equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the us
e of your Card or Account number to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, fore
ign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges, and unauthorized/frau
dulent transactions do not earn Diamond Plus Points™.• There is no limit to the 
total Diamond Plus Points™ you can earn as long as the Program continues and the
 Account is in good standing.• Barclaycard reserves the right, at its sole discr
etion, to disqualify any cardmember from participating in the Program and to for
feit any or all Diamond Plus Points™ earned for abuse, fraud, or any violation o
f the Program Rules. First UseAfter using your Diamond Resorts International® Wo
rld Mastercard® to make a Purchase or Balance Transfer (provided the transaction
 is not later rescinded or returned), you will receive a one-time bonus of 2500 
Diamond Plus Points™. These Diamond Plus Points™ will be posted at the close of 
your first billing statement in which the purchase or Balance Transfer is posted
. First Use Bonus Points are limited to new Cardmembers only.Redeeming Diamond P
lus Points™Diamond Plus Points™ Statement Credit Redemptions:• You can redeem Di
amond Plus Points™ for statement credits toward eligible purchases made using yo
ur Diamond Resorts International® World Mastercard. The redemption can be made o
nline at BarclaycardUS.com or by calling the number on the back of your Card.• T
he statement credit will appear on your Account within one billing cycle after t
he Diamond Plus Points™ are redeemed. There is no maximum to the number of Diamo
nd Plus Points™ that may be redeemed in any billing cycle. A redemption for a st
atement credit toward an eligible purchase that is less than the full purchase a
mount can be made using an amount of Diamond Plus Points™ that results in statem
ent credit increments of $50, up to $2,000. Redemption of Diamond Plus Points™ f
or the full purchase amount of an eligible purchase can be made for any amount, 
starting at $50. Barclaycard and Diamond Resorts are not responsible for unautho
rized redemptions on your Account.You may redeem Diamond Plus Points™ for Diamon
d Resorts International® World Mastercard statement credits toward Diamond Resor
ts purchases of $50 or more that posted to your Account within the past 120 days
. Redemptions start at 5,000 Diamond Plus Points™ for a $50 statement credit tow
ard a Diamond Resorts purchase. Statement credit redemptions toward  Diamond Res
orts purchases offer the best rewards value.Additionally, you may redeem Diamond
 Plus Points™ for Diamond Resorts International® World Mastercard statement cred
its toward airfare or car rental purchases of $50 or more that posted to your Ac
count within the past 120 days. Redemptions start at 6,667 Diamond Plus Points™ 
for a $50 statement credit toward airfare or car rental purchases.Travel Redempt
ions:• You may redeem Diamond Plus Points™ for airfare and car rentals when you 
book using Loyalty Edge on BarclaycardUS.com or by calling the customer service 
number on the back of your Card. Cardmembers may redeem Diamond Plus Points™ for
 a scheduled ticket on a participating major airline carrier, provided that the 
fares and schedules are found on, and the ability to generate a ticket (electron
ic or paper) is possible through, the Global Distribution System (GDS). GDS prov
ides the same flights and fares available to travel agencies, but lower fares ma
y be available elsewhere, e.g. from charters, wholesalers, consolidators and any
 Internet fares that are not published and/or available through GDS.• Redemption
s start at 10,000 Diamond Plus Points™ for $75 towards an airline ticket or car 
rental.• Air and/or car rental reward rates are only guaranteed at the time your
 booking is made. Redemption cost includes all applicable taxes and fees at the 
time of booking.• A valid email address is required for travel redemptions. A co
nfirmation of your booking will be provided to you via email and will be sent to
 the email address you provided in the “Traveler Information” section during che
ckout. That email will contain all relevant itinerary information as well as how
 to obtain your flight ticket from your airline carrier. Contact information wil
l also be provided should you require additional support.• Travel redemptions ca
n be made with a combination of Diamond Plus Points™ and a purchase using a majo
r credit or debit card, as long as you have at least the 10,000 minimum Diamond 
Plus Points™ required for the redemption. The transaction description that will 
show on your credit or debit card statement for any travel redemption purchases 
will be “Rewards Redemption Center”.• All bookings are final and non-refundable.
 Cardmembers who wish to cancel a booking will forfeit their Diamond Plus Points
™ redeemed for that booking and may incur additional supplier fees.• If changes 
or modifications are made to a booking, the following will apply:- A fee of $35 
USD will apply, plus any applicable supplier fees, and may cause forfeiture of y
our redeemed Diamond Plus Points™ for the original booking.- Whether or not a tr
ansfer of your Diamond Plus Points™ from the original booking to the new booking
 will be allowed will be at the discretion of the airline or car rental provider
.- If your Diamond Plus Points™ can be transferred, the original booking will be
 canceled with the applicable fees and your Diamond Plus Points™ and/or payments
 will be applied towards the new reservation.• Barclaycard is not responsible fo
r communication of airline schedule changes or any other changes made by the air
line. Flight reservations should be reconfirmed by the primary cardmember or des
ignated traveler at least 72 hours prior to departure. All reservations are subj
ect to the conditions of carriage, supply or business of the service provider, w
hich include exclusions and limitations of liability. The primary cardmember or 
designated traveler is responsible for obtaining a valid government-issued photo
 ID and the appropriate international travel documentation such as passports and
 visas.• Barclaycard is not responsible for the performance of any airline. Gift
 Cards/Certificates and Merchandise Redemptions:• The selection of gift cards an
d merchandise items and the number of Diamond Plus Points™ needed to redeem them
 may change at any time and are subject to availability.• You may redeem Diamond
 Plus Points™ for gift cards, gift certificates and merchandise shipped to addre
sses in the 50 United States, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Items cannot b
e shipped internationally or to P.O., A.P.O., F.P.O. boxes, or Guam. Certain ite
ms may have shipping restrictions outside of the 48 contiguous United States and
 the District of Columbia and these restrictions will be noted in the terms &amp
; conditions for that item.• You may choose to have merchandise or gift cards de
livered to an address other than your billing address by updating the shipping i
nformation during the check-out process, but addresses cannot be changed after a
n order has been submitted. You can also choose to have redemptions email confir
mations delivered to an email address other than the one on file at Barclaycard 
by updating this information in the check-out process. Changing address or email
 address as part of the check-out process will not change the information on fil
e at Barclaycard, it will only be used for that order.• Certain items may have s
hipping restrictions outside of the 48 contiguous United States and the District
 of Columbia.• Certain items may be eligible for expedited shipping. Expedited s
hipping fees cannot be paid with Diamond Plus Points™ and must be paid with a ma
jor credit or debit card. The transaction description that will show on your cre
dit or debit card statement for these fees will be “Rewards Redemption Center”.•
 Items ordered at the same time may arrive separately.• Items paid for by redeem
ing gift cards/ e-certificates will be subject to sales tax as provided by the a
pplicable law of the jurisdiction in which the purchase is made.• All rewards ar
e subject to product availability. We reserve the right to substitute items of e
qual or greater value. We will ship the model pictured or the most current compa
rable model available. Items shown are the latest models available at the time o
f placing your order.• Terms of gift card and/or e-certificate redemptions are s
ubject to the rules of the merchant that may be viewed online. Each merchant/pro
vider has the right to place restrictions on the use of its gift cards or gift c
ertificates. Gift cards or gift certificates are not exchangeable, refundable, t
ransferable or redeemable for cash, cannot be replaced if lost or stolen and are
 void where prohibited.• Gift cards/e-certificates must be presented to the part
icipating merchant for redemption, use, and the delivery of goods and services. 
Items paid for by redeeming gift cards/ e-certificates will be subject to sales 
tax as provided by the applicable law of the jurisdiction in which the purchase 
is made. Sales tax, if applicable, will be a charge against the value of the gif
t cards or gift certificates or will require a separate supplemental payment.• T
ickets are nontransferable and do not include activities/events separately price
d. Tickets will be mailed and arrive within 10 business days of your redemption.
 Water parks are subject to seasonal or weather closures. Age restrictions may a
pply for access to certain facilities. Please see the terms and conditions of yo
ur specific item online for full details.• Purchase protection or extended warra
nty coverage associated with your Account is not applicable to rewards. The manu
facturers’ warranty, if any, applies to items offered. Please check product term
s and conditions online for additional product information details.• Velvet Glov
e Delivery: Velvet Glove delivery is available on select products. A daytime pho
ne number must be provided for orders that require Velvet Glove delivery. You wi
ll be contacted by the carrier to schedule an appointment for delivery. The Velv
et Glove crew will deliver the product to your shipping address, bring it onto t
he premises, unpack it in the room of your choice (access permitting) and remove
 all packaging materials. They will not install or set up the product. Please be
 sure to inspect all items delivered by the Velvet Glove team before signing for
 such items. Should you find an issue with the merchandise, you should refuse th
e delivery, ask the carrier to re-package and remove the item from your premises
, and contact the Customer Service number on the back of your Card. Once you acc
ept delivery, no refunds, exchanges, or replacements will be allowed. For Velvet
 Glove delivery of larger items, shipment may require 4 to 6 weeks. Merchandise 
Return Policy:• Items are nonrefundable and nonreturnable.• Mail Delivery: If th
e items you received are damaged or defective, you must your card immediately an
d items must be returned within 30 days of delivery. No exchanges or returns are
 accepted after 30 days. Products must be in their original packaging. All parts
 must be included in package before credit will be issued or a replacement of th
e damaged or defective items will be shipped.• Velvet Glove Delivery: Should you
 find an issue with the merchandise, you should refuse the delivery, ask the car
rier to repackage and remove the item from your premises, and contact the Custom
er Service number on the back of your Card. Once you accept delivery, no refunds
, exchanges, or replacements will be allowed.Additional Program BenefitsThe Diam
ond Resorts International® World Mastercard® Rewards Program also includes the a
dditional benefit of Diamond Flexibility:Diamond Flexibility is a benefit offere
d by Diamond Resorts International®, solely for Diamond Resorts Club members, wh
ich allows you to rent additional points to secure a reservation for your vacati
on in the event you do not have sufficient points to do so. Please contact Diamo
nd Resorts International® directly for more details on this benefit and the excl
usive 10% rebate offered to Diamond Resorts International® Mastercard cardmember
s. Important Information about Diamond Plus Points™• Diamond Plus Points™ will b
e itemized on your periodic statement.• As long as your Account remains open, ac
tive, and in good standing, your Diamond Plus Points™ will not expire.• All Diam
ond Plus Points™ earned by the Primary cardmember and any Authorized User(s) wil
l be added to the Primary cardmember’s Diamond Plus Points™ balance.• You have n
o property rights or other legal interest in Diamond Plus Points™ and have no ca
sh value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed.• Diamond Plus Point
s™ may not be transferred or assigned.• The rewards program will be adjusted acc
ordingly as the merchant network evolves. If you are not credited for earned Dia
mond Plus Points™ or other benefits, once identified, the earned Diamond Plus Po
ints™ or other benefits will be credited.• In the event of any abusive, gaming, 
or fraudulent activity related to the Program, as determined by us in our sole d
iscretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding Diamond Plus Points™ adjus
tments to your Account and/or to cancel your Account at any time.• The Program i
s subject to all applicable laws and regulations. The sale or barter of any Diam
ond Plus Points™ or items received through redemption as part of the Program, ot
her than by us, is expressly prohibited.• You are solely responsible for any tax
es that may be owed as a result of Diamond Plus Points™ earned and/or redeemed. 
Please consult your tax advisor if you have tax questions about the Program. Bar
claycard does not provide tax advice.Diamond Plus Points™ RestrictionsYou may no
t earn or redeem Diamond Plus Points™ during a billing cycle in which any of the
 following occur:• Your Account becomes delinquent.• Your Account is in default 
under your Cardmember Agreement with us. (You fail to keep your Account in good 
standing.)• Your Account cannot have been inactive for 7 billing cycles in a row
 (representing approximately 7 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no
 payments, and no transactions.• You engage in any illegal activity through the 
use of the Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming 
conduct under the Program, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Diamond Pl
us Points™ ForfeitureYou may forfeit your Diamond Plus Points™ if any of the fol
lowing occur:• Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barcl
aycard at its sole discretion.• You or we close your Account for any reason.• Yo
u engage in fraudulent activity on this Account.• Your Account is otherwise in d
efault under your Cardmember Agreement with us. (You fail to keep your Account i
n good standing.)• You engage in any illegal activity through the use of the Pro
gram or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct under 
the Program, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Limitation and Release o
f LiabilityBy participating in the Program and accepting and using Diamond Plus 
Points™ earned through the Program, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any per
son to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, discharge, and hold
 harmless Barclaycard and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affilia
tes, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors, and ass
ignees from all claims, damages, or liability including, but not limited to, phy
sical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program or travel tak
en or use of products purchased in connection with the Program. Barclaycard is n
ot responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your Account. Barclaycard has no 
liability in case of disagreement over issuance or redemption of Diamond Plus Po
ints™ or a cardmember’s right to possess Diamond Plus Points™ or make redemption
s.Important General Program DisclosuresThe Program is subject to change or termi
nation without prior notification. Other significant terms may apply. All tradem
arks and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not responsible
 for typographical errors or omissions in this document. Diamond Plus Points™ ca
nnot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically auth
orized by us.We reserve the right to correct inaccurate rewards values represent
ed on statements or our website, at our sole discretion.We may, at our sole disc
retion, cancel, modify, restrict, or terminate the Program or any aspects or fea
tures of the Program at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of Pr
ogram Rules shall be at our sole discretion.Customer ServiceIf you have any ques
tions about the Program, please contact the customer service phone number on the
 back of your Card.© 2017 Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), Member FDIC     
                    