Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases

17.24%, 22.24% or 27.24%, based on your credit worthiness.
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Balance Transfers

0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles following each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account opening.
After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of account opening) your APR will be 17.24%, 22.24%, or 27.24% based on your credit worthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

APR for Cash Advances

27.49%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases

Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

Minimum Interest Charge

If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50

For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.

 
Fees
Annual Fee

$0

Transaction Fees:

 

Balance Transfer

Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Cash Advance

Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

Foreign Transaction

0% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.

Penalty Fees:

 

Late Payment

Up to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

Returned Payment

Up to $37 (the amount of the fee varies by state, see below) 

 
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new purchases)". If you are a resident of Iowa at the time the account is opened, we use a method called "average daily balance (including new purchases)".
 
Terms and Conditions Continued:
Important Information about the Upromise Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the reward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), interest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.
Fees that Vary by State:Late Payment Fee:  Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening). Returned Payment: Up to $37 (Up to $15 for residents of Iowa at time of account opening).
Agreement: The use of any account opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  
++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affiliates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other products or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message or text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.
About This Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to applicants who are residents of the United States, with the exception of Puerto Rico and the US territories,  and may not be available if you already have or have had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations, we may be unable to open an account for you. Please review the materials provided with your card for details.    
About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your application, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agree that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we will tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a report about you. 
About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Prime Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each month. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 11.74%, 16.74% or 21.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For the cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreement for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 12/31/2018 using a Prime Rate of 5.5%.

Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents. We also ask for country of citizenship.
Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works: To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want us to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds the assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on your new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balance transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balance transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other account you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transaction date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other charge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.
Upon approval of your application we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) which you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during this 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks to post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance transfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of your new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to availability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.
Avoiding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during this introductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay by the due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% introductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay at least the minimum payment due on your account each month.
Credit Limit: We do not permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a request for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a particular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent of and prior to processing any balance transfer request.
Cash Equivalent Purchases: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tickets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. 
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversely affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.
About Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. Any account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated, and is used by us pursuant to a license. 
Express Delivery: If you are approved for an account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that day. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following day. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(s) cannot be expressed delivered.
The information contained in these disclosures is accurate as of 12/31/2018 and may change after this date.
Barclays' Privacy Policy is available online at BarclaysUS.com. I agree that Barclays and Upromise may share information about me and my Account to the extent needed to administer the Upromise® Mastercard in conjunction with the Upromise Rewards Program.  In addition, you authorize Upromise, Inc. to share information about you and your account with third parties who have referred you to us, as permitted by law.
UPROMISE MASTERCARD® REWARDS RULES
This document contains the official Reward Rules for the Upromise Mastercard Account (“Account”) issued by Barclays Bank Delaware (“Barclays,” “we,”” “us,” or “our”) and includes important conditions and limitations (“RewardRules”). Use of your Account constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and the terms of the Cardmember Agreement (“Cardmember Agreement”). “You,” “your” or “primary cardmember” means the person who applied for the Account. Capitalized terms not defined in these Reward Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement.
Membership in the Upromise Rewards Program (the “Program”) is offered by Upromise, Inc. and is not a product or program of Barclays. Upromise, Inc. is solely responsible for establishing the terms and conditions of the Upromise Member Agreement and Privacy Policy which govern membership in the Upromise Rewards Service. Upromise, Inc. may change the terms of the Upromise Member Agreement and Privacy Policy at any time with or without prior notice. For complete details of Upromise agreements (including Privacy Policy and Member Agreement), go to Upromise.com. Upromise, Inc. is not responsible for any goods or services offered by Barclays.
Reward Rules AdministrationThe Reward Rules are administered by Barclays located in Wilmington, DE. We reserve the right to modify, amend or terminate the Reward Rules at any time with or without notice. We are solely responsible for all credit and eligibility standards and determination of Account issuance. You can review current Reward Rules any time by logging in to your Account at BarclaysUS.com.
To maintain your eligibility for participation in the Program through use of the Account:
You must maintain an open Account that is not in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us (in “Good Standing”). See sections titled “Cash Back Restrictions” and “Cash Back Forfeiture” for more details.Your Account cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cycles in a row (representing approximately 6 months). “Inactive” means you have no balance, no payments and no purchases and/or transactions.You must be an individual (corporations, partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Account only for personal, family or household expensesIf your participation in the Program is cancelled any cash back earned during that billing cycle but not yet sent to Upromise may be forfeited. See Upromise.com for details.Upromise MembershipA Upromise Program account is required to earn and receive cash back. In addition, your Upromise Mastercard Account (including all additional cards issued to authorized users) must be registered to your Upromise Program account. To verify that your Upromise Mastercard Account is registered with Upromise, visit Upromise.com. If you do not have a current Upromise Program account at the time of application, one will be created for you.
Earning Cash BackYou earn cash back for purchases less credits, returns and adjustments (“Net Purchases”) made by you and/or any authorized user of the Account as follows:
You earn 1.25% cash back for all Net Purchases made using your Upromise Mastercard.Balance transfers, cash advances (including cash equivalent transactions such as, but not limited to, the use of your Account to obtain money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tickets), fees, interest charges and unauthorized/fraudulent purchases do not earn cash back.Cash back earned will be rounded to the nearest cent. For example, if you make a purchase in the amount of $59.49, your cash back of $0.743 will be rounded to $0.74 cash back. Likewise, if you make a purchase in the amount of $59.95, your cash back of $0.749 will be rounded to $0.75 cash back.Bonus Cash BackFrom time to time, we may offer bonuses of cash back or other incentives to new Upromise Mastercard cardmembers in connection with an application for a new account. These bonuses and/or incentives are intended for persons who are not and have not previously been Upromise Mastercard cardmembers. You understand and agree that you may no longer be eligible for any bonuses and/or incentives in connection with a new Upromise Mastercard account after this Account is opened. If you receive a bonus or incentive for which you are not eligible due to your status as a current or former Upromise Mastercard cardmember, we may revoke the bonus or incentive, or reduce your cash back by the amount of the bonus or incentive, or charge your Account for the fair value of the bonus or incentive, in our sole discretion.
Redeeming Cash Back
Upromise manages the Program including redemption. To redeem or for more information regarding redemption options, contact Upromise at Upromise.com or by calling 800-877-6647.Important Information about Cash Back
As long as the Program continues and the Account is open, active and in Good Standing, there is no limit to the total cash back you can earn using your Account.In the event of any abusive, gaming or fraudulent activity related to the Account or violation of the Reward Rules, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to make corresponding adjustments to or invalidate cash back accrued in the Program through use of the Account, to disqualify you from participating in the Program through use of the Account, and/or to close your Account at any time. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an Account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card account applications/opening, as determined by us in our sole discretion.All cash back earned by the primary cardmember and any authorized user, through use of the Account, will automatically be transferred to your Upromise Program account after the close of each billing cycle. Your Upromise Program account is subject to the Upromise Program terms and conditions, located at Upromise.com which includes expiration and forfeiture policies.If you do not receive credit for earned cash back through use of your Account, please contact the Customer Service number on the back of your card.You have no property rights or other legal interest in cash back. Cash back has no cash value or value of any kind until it is fully redeemed. Cash back may not be assigned, transferred or pledged.You are responsible for any tax liability related to participating in the Program.Participation in the Program through use of your Account is subject to all applicable laws and regulations. The sale or barter of any reward offered through the Program earned through use of the Account, other than by us, is expressly prohibited.You can view a summary of your cash back earned through the use of your Account on your monthly Account billing statement or by logging into BarclaysUS.com. Your total cash back Program balance is available by calling 800-877-6647 or online at Upromise.com.Barclays is not responsible for awarding cash back to your Program account or for arranging or providing for any goods or services related to the use of cash back, for any delay, failure, or refusal by Upromise to award or redeem cash back, or for any decision by Upromise to revoke or cancel cash back or membership in the Program.If your Account is closed for any reason, please refer to the Program Terms and Conditions at Upromise.com for details regarding any impact to your outstanding cash back balance.Cash Back RestrictionsYou may not earn cash back through use of the Account during a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but is not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card applications/openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.You fail to make the minimum payment due by the payment due date.Your Account becomes delinquent.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.Cash Back ForfeitureCash back earned through use of the Account, but not yet transferred to Upromise, may be forfeited if any of the following occur:
You, or any authorized user on the Account, engage in any illegal activity through the use of your Account or engage in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Abusive or gaming activity includes, but not limited to, obtaining or using an account to maximize rewards earned in a manner that is not consistent with typical consumer activity and/or multiple credit card applications/ openings, as determined by us in our sole discretion.Your Account becomes seriously delinquent, as determined by Barclays in its sole discretion.Your Account is otherwise in default under your Cardmember Agreement with us.If your Account is closed for any reason, please refer to the Program Terms and Conditions at Upromise.com, for details regarding any impact to your outstanding cash back balance.Upromise Round Up (“Upromise Round Up”):
Participation in Upromise Round Up is optional. In order to participate in Upromise Round Up you must set your threshold to any dollar amount from $1 to $500. If you do not wish to participate in Upromise Round Up, you should leave your threshold set to the default amount, which is $0. The current threshold as of 11:59pm ET on the end of the day before your billing cycle ends will be used as the threshold for the next billing cycle. You can view and update your threshold amount by visiting BarclaysUS.com.Upromise Round Up rounds up purchases made by you and/or any authorized user of the Account as follows: when a purchase is not a whole dollar amount, it will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar up to your threshold. For example, if you make a purchase in the amount of $3.10, your round up amount will be $0.90.The total number of cents from purchases that are rounded up to the next whole dollar amount will be posted as a purchase to your Account and converted to cash back (“Round Up Amount”) on the end of the day before your billing cycle ends, subject to your Upromise Program account remaining in good standing and not otherwise suspended or terminated. For example, if your Round Up Amount is $50, we will post $50 as a purchase to your Account and convert the $50 to cash back. Any purchases not posted to your Upromise Mastercard Account by the end of the day before your billing cycle ends will not be considered in the Round Up Amount until the next billing cycle.Round Up Amounts are considered purchases and earn 1.25% cash back as described in the “Earning Cash Back” section above. Unlike other purchases on your account, if you carry a balance, the Round Up Amount portion of your balance, will not be subject to interest charges.Regardless of the occurrence of fraud, returns or the resolution of disputed purchases we will calculate the Round Up Amount based on all purchases that posted to your Account.If at the time of calculating the Round Up Amount, there is inadequate credit line to include the total Round Up Amount, we will include the Round Up Amount available up to your credit line. In the event there is no credit line available, we will not include any Round Up Amount for that billing cycle. Please note, even though any Round Up Amount that is posted to your Account will not cause you to go over your credit line, any interest and fees that bill to your Account after the close of your billing cycle could cause your total balance to exceed your credit line.Your Round Up Amount will be shown separately as a purchase and as cash back on your billing statement. An itemized list of Round Up Amounts will be available for viewing online at BarclaysUS.com by visiting the Upromise Round Up summary page.15% 529 College Savings Plan Account Linking BonusWhen your Upromise Program account is directly linked to an eligible 529 College Savings Plan prior to the end of your billing cycle, you’ll receive a 15% bonus on your total cash back, including Round Up Amounts. You will receive the 15% bonus after the close of each billing cycle. The 15% bonus is calculated based on your total cash back at the end of your billing cycle. You can view your 15% bonus on your billing statement or by visiting BarclaysUS.com.
Responsibility of the Parties/Information SharingUpromise is not a party to the Cardmember Agreement between you and Barclays, does not participate in any extension of credit, and has no authority regarding the Account. Barclays has no authority regarding the Program and is not responsible for any goods or services offered by Upromise. You authorize Barclays to share information about your Account with Upromise and its affiliates and authorize Upromise to share information about your Upromise Program account, to the extent needed to administer the Program and the Account. You also agree that Barclays may share Account information as set forth in Barclay’s Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy for Barclays is available online at BarclaysUS.com.
Limitation and Release of LiabilityBy participating in the Program through use of the Account and accepting cash back, you (on your behalf and on behalf of any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) release, discharge and hold harmless Barclays, Upromise, and their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damages or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in the Program through use of the Account or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the Program through use of the Account. Barclays has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of cash back or a cardmember’s right to possess cash back.
Important General Program DisclosuresBarclays reserves the right to correct inaccurate cash back values represented on statements, our website and/or our mobile app, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict, or terminate the Reward Rules or any aspects or features of the Reward Rules at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of the Reward Rules shall be in our sole discretion. Other significant terms may apply. All trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. Barclays is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document, website, mobile app, or any marketing materials. Cash back earned through use of the Account cannot be combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized by us or Upromise.
Customer ServiceIf you have any questions about your Account, please contact the Customer Service phone number on the back of your card.
© 2018 Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclays), member FDIC
UP1_UPA_UPC_UPRM_No_offer_091718         BAR-6869-6

