                            Terms and Conditions                            #CCA
TC {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font: .8em; margin-top: 1%; margi
n-left: 3%; margin-right: 3%}#CCATC table { border-bottom: solid black 1px; bord
er-top: solid black 1px; border-left: solid black 0px; border-right: solid black
 1px;}#CCATC p {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}#CCATC td { border-bo
ttom: solid black 0px; border-top: solid black 0px; border-left: solid black 1px
; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; horizontal-align: 
left; vertical-align: top; padding: 6px}#CCATC .no-border { border: 0px;}#CCATC 
.top-border { border-top: solid black 1px;}.aprRate {font-size: 1.4em;}p.firstLi
ne {text-indent: -25px; margin-left: 2em;}p.indentLines {margin-left: 25px;}ol {
margin-left: 3em; padding-left: 4em;}Interest Rates and Interest ChargesAnnual P
ercentage Rate (APR) for Purchases16.49%, 21.49% or 26.49% based on your credit 
worthiness.This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.0% promoti
onal APR for six billing cycles from the transaction date on all "Qualifying NFL
 Team Ticket Purchases" (see below).After that, your APR for your Qualifying NFL
 Team Ticket Purchases will be 16.49%,  21.49% or 26.49% based on your credit wo
rthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Bal
ance Transfers0% introductory APR for the first fifteen billing cycles following
 each balance transfer that posts to your account within 45 days of account open
ing.After that, (and for balance transfers that do not post within 45 days of ac
count opening) your APR will be 16.49%, 21.49% or 26.49% based on your credit wo
rthiness. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.APR for Cas
h Advances26.74%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.How t
o Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after the 
close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you
 pay your entire balance by the due date each month.Minimum Interest ChargeIf yo
u are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $0.50For Credit Card Tip
s from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to co
nsider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consum
er Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. Fees
Annual Fee$0Transaction Fees: Balance TransferEither $5 or 3% of the amount of e
ach transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount of
 each cash advance, whichever is greater.Foreign Transaction3% of each transacti
on in U.S. dollars.Penalty Fees: Late PaymentUp to $37  Returned PaymentUp to $3
7   How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (i
ncluding new purchases)". Terms and Conditions Continued:Important Information a
bout the NFL Credit Card Program: Offers may vary. Please carefully review the r
eward benefits (such as bonus miles/points and how miles/points are earned), int
erest rates and account fees and terms of this particular offer before applying.
Special Promotional Offer for Qualifying NFL Game Ticket Purchase(s):“Qualifying
 NFL Game Ticket Purchases” include tickets purchased from any participating NFL
 team ticket office using your NFL Extra Points credit card. This offer is only 
available for the purchase of NFL game tickets processed by a participating NFL 
team ticket office. Game tickets purchased from any non-NFL team ticket offices 
will not be eligible for the promotional APR offer.Agreement: The use of any acc
ount opened in connection with this offer will constitute acceptance of and will
 be subject to the Cardmember Agreement that will be sent to you. The APRs, fees
, and other account terms, as well as the benefits and features associated with 
the account are subject to change to the extent permitted by law.  You agree tha
t if you are not approved for a Signature account you may be approved for a Plat
inum account.++Your Telephone Numbers:  By providing us with a telephone number(
s), at the time you apply or anytime thereafter, you authorize us and our affili
ates and agents, to contact you at that number about your account or other produ
cts or services, and to use an automated dialing service, pre-recorded message o
r text message. Standard text messaging and/or calling charges may apply.About T
his Offer: You must be at least 18 years of age. This offer is available only to
 applicants who are residents of the United States,  with the exception of Iowa,
 Puerto Rico and the US territories, and may not be available if you already hav
e or have had an account with us. If at the time of your application you do not 
meet the credit or income criteria previously established for this offer, or the
 income you report is insufficient based on your current obligations,    we may 
be unable to open an account for you, or you may receive a Platinum card. Platin
um benefits differ from Signature benefits. Please review the materials provided
 with your card for details. About Your Credit Report: You agree that we have a 
right to obtain a credit report in connection with our review of your applicatio
n, and if we establish an account for you, to administer your account.  You agre
e that we may report to others our credit experience with you. If you ask, we wi
ll tell the names and addresses of any credit bureaus from which we obtained a r
eport about you. About the Variable APRs on Your Account: We use the highest Pri
me Rate listed in the The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of each m
onth. For the non-promotional purchase and balance transfer APR, we add either 1
1.74%, 16.74% or 21.74% to the Prime Rate based on your creditworthiness. For th
e cash advance APR, we add 21.99% to the Prime Rate. See your Cardmember Agreeme
nt for more detail. The APRs noted above are current as of 03/30/2018 using a Pr
ime Rate of 4.75%.Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Accou
nt: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering a
ctivities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, an
d record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this
 means to you: When you apply for an account, we will ask for your name, street 
address, date of birth, social security number, and other information that will 
allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see copies of identifying documents
. We also ask for country of citizenship.Balance Transfers. Here's How it Works:
 To request a balance transfer please enter the 15/16 digit account number from 
the Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover Card account that you want u
s to process a balance transfer from. If the total amount you request exceeds th
e assigned credit line on your new account, we may either decline the request or
 send a partial payment to your creditor(s). The amount of available credit on y
our new account will be reduced by the amount transferred and the related balanc
e transfer fees. We reserve the right to decline to process any requested balanc
e transfer. We will not process a request to transfer a balance from any other a
ccount you may have with us. Balance transfers incur interest from the transacti
on date. You should not transfer the amount of any disputed purchase or other ch
arge. If you do, you may lose your dispute rights.Upon approval of your applicat
ion we will process the requested balance transfer payment to the account(s) whi
ch you have requested on the 10th day after we've mailed you your card; during t
his 10 day time period you may cancel your balance transfer by contacting us at 
the number on the back of your card. A balance transfer may take up to 4 weeks t
o post to your other accounts. Continue to pay each creditor until the balance t
ransfer appears on the other account as a credit. If you would like to complete 
a balance transfer from another account that is not a Visa, Mastercard, American
 Express or Discover Card account, please call the phone number on the back of y
our new credit card once you are approved. Balance transfers are subject to avai
lability. We may deny balance transfer requests at any time and for any reason.A
voiding Interest on Purchases: We will not charge you interest on any purchases 
if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. In addition, during t
his introductory period we will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay 
by the due date each month your outstanding statement balance minus any new 0% i
ntroductory APR Balance Transfer balances. To avoid a late fee, you should pay a
t least the minimum payment due on your account each month.Credit Limit: We do n
ot permit applicants to request a specific credit limit. We do not consider a re
quest for a balance transfer made with an application to be a request for a part
icular credit limit. We determine the credit limit on your account independent o
f and prior to processing any balance transfer request.Cash Equivalent Purchases
: The purchase of money orders, travelers' checks, foreign currency, lottery tic
kets, gambling chips, wire transfers and other similar transactions are treated 
as cash advances. Please see your Cardmember Agreement for details.New York Resi
dents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial
 Services by telephone (800) 342-3736, or visit the website, www.dfs.ny.gov, for
 free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. Noti
ce to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all cred
itors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers, and that cred
it reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon
 request.  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law
.Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilatera
l statement or court decree under Wisconsin's marital property law will adversel
y affect our interests unless before your account is opened, you give us a copy 
of the agreement, statement or decree or we have actual knowledge of it.  You un
derstand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse.A
bout Us and This Credit Card Program: This credit card program is issued and adm
inistered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), located in Wilmington, DE. An
y account opened in response to this application shall be governed by the laws o
f the State of Delaware.  Visa is a registered trademark of VISA USA, Inc. and i
s used by us pursuant to a license.Express Delivery: If you are approved for an 
account your card will be sent via next day FedEx delivery after your account is
 opened if your request for express delivery is made before 3:00pm ET of that da
y. If the request is made after 3:00pm ET delivery will be made the following da
y. Delivery will be made only to your home address and a signature is required. 
If you added an additional card user(s) on your application the additional card(
s) cannot be expressed delivered.The information contained in these disclosures 
is accurate as of 03/30/2018 and may change after this date.Information Sharing:
Barclays' Privacy Policy is available online at www.BarclaycardUS.com. I agree t
hat Barclays Bank Delaware and the NFL may share information about me and my acc
ount to the extent needed to administer the Extra Points Rewards Program. REWARD
 RULES Extra Points Program RulesThis document contains the official Rewards Pro
gram Rules (Program Rules) for the Extra Points Rewards Program (the Program) an
d includes important conditions and limitations. Use of your Extra Points Card (
the Card) constitutes your acceptance of each of the terms described below and t
he terms of the Cardmember Agreement. Please read these Program Rules and keep t
his document in a safe place. Capitalized terms not defined in these Program Rul
es have the meaning ascribed to them in the Cardmember Agreement. “NFL” refers t
o the NFL Entities (defined as the National Football League, its Member Clubs, N
FL Enterprises LLC, NFL Properties LLC, NFL International LLC, NFL Ventures, Inc
., NFL Ventures, L.P., NFL Productions LLC, and each of their respective subsidi
aries, affiliates, shareholders, officers, directors, agents, representatives an
d employees collectively). Program AdministrationThe Extra Points credit card pr
ogram is administered by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard) located in Wilming
ton, DE (we, us or our). Barclaycard is responsible for establishing the Terms a
nd Conditions of the Program and reserves the right to modify, amend, or termina
te the Program at any time. Gift cards are administered by Loyalty Edge, Inc. (“
Loyalty Edge”), an independent company not affiliated with Barclaycard or the NF
L.NFL is not a party to the Cardmember Agreement between you and us, does not pa
rticipate in any extension of credit, and has no authority regarding the Account
. Barclaycard is the sole creditor and owner of the Account. Barclaycard’s Priva
cy Policy is available online at BarclaycardUS.com. Barclaycard and the NFL will
 share information to the extent needed to administer the Extra Points Program.T
o qualify for participation in the Program and to maintain your good standing:• 
You must maintain an open Account that is not in default under your Cardmember A
greement with us.• Your Account cannot have been inactive for 6 billing cycles i
n a row (representing approximately 6 months). “Inactive” means you have no bala
nce, no payments, and no transactions.• You must be an individual (corporations,
 partnerships, and other entities may not participate) and use the Card only for
 personal, family, or household expenses. If you do not keep your Account open, 
active, and in good standing, your enrollment in the Program may be cancelled an
d any unredeemed points may be forfeited. Earning PointsYou earn points based on
 new Net Purchases.  “Net Purchases” means retail purchases made by you and/or a
ny Authorized User(s) of the Card, less credits, returns, and adjustments that p
ost to the account each periodic billing cycle.• Earn two (2) points per dollar 
($1.00) spent on NFL, NFL Team (as outlined below) and DirectTV Net Purchases.• 
NFL purchase transactions are Net Purchases made at NFLShop.com, NFL team retail
 stores, NFL Team online stores and NFL Team stadiums. DirectTV purchase transac
tions are Net Purchases made directly with DirectTV.• Earn one (1) point for eve
ry dollar ($1.00) spent on all other Net Purchases on the account.• When a purch
ase transaction is not a whole dollar amount, any fraction equal to or greater t
han $0.50 will be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar and any fraction equal 
to or less than $0.49 will be rounded down to the nearest whole dollar. For exam
ple, if a Cardmember makes a purchase in the amount of $49.49, 49 points will be
 awarded, but if the transaction amount is $49.50, 50 points will be awarded.• B
alance Transfers, Cash Advances, Quasi-Cash Transactions (transactions in highly
 liquid assets, e.g. assets that are directly convertible to cash such as, but n
ot limited to, money orders, traveler’s checks, foreign currency and lottery tic
kets), fees, interest charges, and unauthorized/fraudulent transactions do not e
arn points.• There is no limit to the total points you can earn as long as the P
rogram continues and the Account is open, active, and in good standing.• All poi
nts earned for purchases by the primary Cardmember and any authorized user(s) wi
ll be posted to the Account and be treated as earned by the primary Cardmember f
or purposes of the Program.• Barclaycard reserves the right, at its sole discret
ion, to disqualify any Cardmember from participating in the Program and to inval
idate any or all points earned for abuse, fraud, or any violation of the Program
 Rules.• Bonus Points: Ten thousand (10,000) Bonus Points will be awarded after 
at least $500.00 in Net Purchases (that are not later returned or rescinded) hav
e been charged to the new account in the first 90 days after account opening. Bo
nus Points will be posted to your account at the close of your first billing sta
tement after the qualifying transaction(s) have been posted.  Redeeming PointsTo
 redeem points for rewards, Cardmember’s should visit myNFLcard.com. Redemptions
 start at 2,500 points. You can redeem points for: NFL Gift Cards, NFL and Team 
Experiences, NFL Tickets and Cash Back in the form of a deposit directly into a 
US checking or savings account or for a statement credit applied to the Cardmemb
er’s account.• There is no maximum number of points that may be redeemed in any 
billing cycle.• All reward selections are subject to availability. Rewards are n
ot returnable, exchangeable or refundable under any circumstance. Rewards are no
t replaceable if lost, stolen, destroyed or expired.• Barclaycard, the NFL, and 
their suppliers have no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of or ri
ght to possess rewards or points and have no further obligation once the reward 
is issued.• Cash back deposits will be transferred to your account within three 
to four (3-4) business days from the date of your redemption and there is a $500
 daily limit for cash back rewards deposited into a US checking or savings accou
nt.• Statement credits will appear on the Account within one billing cycle after
 the points are redeemed. A statement credit does not constitute a payment and y
ou are required to make your minimum payment due. Statement credit redemptions c
annot be changed, are non-refundable and non-transferable.  Important Informatio
n about Points• The following transactions are not considered Net Purchases and 
do not earn points: Account fees, interest, convenience checks, balance transfer
s, cash advances, cash equivalents as defined in your Cardmember Agreement, and 
purchases made by or for business or commercial purposes. In addition, any point
s awarded on purchases that are subsequently returned will be deducted from your
 total, and your points balance will be adjusted accordingly.• As long as your A
ccount remains open, active, and in good standing, your points will not expire.•
 You have no property rights or other legal interest in points. Points have no c
ash value or value of any kind until they are fully redeemed.• Points may not be
 transferred or assigned.• If the Cardmember is not credited for earned points o
r other benefits, once identified, the earned points or other benefits will be c
redited. If points or other benefits are not available, a comparable benefit wil
l be provided as determined by us.• In the event of any abusive, gaming, or frau
dulent activity related to the Program, as determined by us in our sole discreti
on, we reserve the right to make corresponding points adjustments to your Accoun
t and/or to cancel your Account at any time.• The Program is subject to all appl
icable laws and regulations. The redemption of points is void where prohibited b
y law. The sale or barter of any points or items received through redemption thr
ough the Program, other than by us, is expressly prohibited. Additional Benefits
 of the CardAs an Extra Points Cardmember, you can receive a 20% discount when y
ou use your card for purchases at NFLShop.com. To receive the discount, you must
 enter the first 6-digits from your Extra Points Credit Card number in the “Prom
o Code” field at checkout. Discount does not apply to taxes, shipping and handli
ng charges, gift-wrapping or similar charges. Discount not applicable with retur
ned merchandise; total discount will be deducted from the value of any returned 
item to which the discount applied. Cannot be combined with any other promotiona
l offer nor is this offer valid on previous purchases. Entire order must be ship
ped to a single address and customer is responsible for all shipping costs for r
eturned merchandise. Additional team-specific discounts may become available at 
any time, subject to availability. Barclaycard manages such discounts on a per t
eam basis, with the ability to add and remove availability of such discounts, in
 its sole discretion. Points RestrictionsYou may not earn or redeem points durin
g a billing cycle in which any of the following occur:• You fail to make the min
imum payment due by the payment due date.• Your Account becomes delinquent.• You
r Account does not remain in good standing as defined in the Cardmember Agreemen
t.• You engage in any illegal activity through the use of the Program or engage 
in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct under the Program, as
 determined by us in our sole discretion.   Points ForfeitureYou may forfeit you
r points if any of the following occur:•      Your Account becomes delinquent, a
s determined by Barclaycard at its sole discretion.•      You or we close your A
ccount for any reason.•      You engage in fraudulent activity on this Account.•
      You engage in any illegal activity through the use of the Program or engag
e in activity that is deemed to be abusive or gaming conduct under the Program, 
as determined by us in our sole discretion. Limitation and Release of LiabilityB
y participating in the Program and accepting and using points earned through the
 Program, you (and any person to whom you give the benefits from the Program) re
lease, discharge, and hold harmless Barclaycard and its respective parent compan
ies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, employees, officers, dire
ctors, successors, and assignees from all claims, damages, or liability includin
g, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising out of participation in
 the Program or travel taken or use of products purchased in connection with the
 Program. Barclaycard is not responsible for unauthorized redemptions on your Ac
count. Barclaycard has no liability in case of disagreement over issuance of poi
nts or items received through redemptions or a Cardmember’s right to possess poi
nts or make redemptions. Important General Program DisclosuresThe Program is sub
ject to change without prior notification. Other significant terms may apply. Al
l trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. We are not res
ponsible for typographical errors or omissions in this document. Points cannot b
e combined with other discount or reward programs unless specifically authorized
 by us.We reserve the right to correct inaccurate rewards values represented on 
statements or our website, at our sole discretion. We may, at our sole discretio
n, cancel, modify, restrict, or terminate the Program or any aspects or features
 of the Program at any time without prior notice. All interpretations of Program
 Rules shall be at our sole discretion.Points have no value except as used in ac
cordance with the Terms and Conditions of the program. Barclaycard reserves the 
right to disqualify any Cardmember from participating in the program and to inva
lidate any or all points for, fraud or any violation of the program’s Terms and 
Conditions.Currently, rewards include NFL tickets, NFL and Team gift cards and N
FL and Team-based experiences, Unless otherwise noted, Cardmembers will be respo
nsible for all travel to and from each experience. Any Rewards that involve tick
ets to an NFL football game or the Super Bowl are subject to all standard Terms 
and Conditions of NFL tickets, including, without limitation, the Terms and Cond
itions on ticket backs and in fan guides.By participating in the Program, and ac
cepting and using points earned via the Program, you or any other beneficiary of
 the Program release, discharge and hold harmless Barclaycard, the NFL, their su
ppliers, and their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, administrators, 
employees, officers, directors, successors and assignees from all claims, damage
s or liability including, but not limited to, physical injury or death, arising 
out of participation in the Program or travel taken or use of products chosen as
 a Program reward.Barclaycard, the NFL, and their suppliers are not responsible 
for unauthorized redemptions on your account. All questions or disputes regardin
g eligibility for the Program or eligibility for points for accrual or redemptio
n will be resolved by Barclaycard in its sole discretion.Team names/logos/indici
a are trademarks of the teams indicated.All other NFL-related trademarks are tra
demarks of the National Football League. Other trademarks mentioned in the Rewar
ds catalogue are the property of their respective owners. Customer ServiceIf you
 have any questions about the Program, please contact the customer service phone
 number on the back of your Card.© 2017 Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard), Me
mber FDIC                         