Begin Offer Details overlay.


Close Close Overlay

Begin Offer Details content.
Marriott Bonvoy Bold™ credit card
Offer Details





                            50,000 Bonus Points
                        

Eligibility for this product: The product is not available to either:

current cardmembers of the Marriott Bonvoy™ Premier credit card (also known as Marriott Rewards® Premier), Marriott Bonvoy Boundless™ credit card (also known as Marriott Rewards® Premier Plus), Marriott Bonvoy Bold™ credit card, or
previous cardmembers of the Marriott Bonvoy™ Premier credit card (also known as Marriott Rewards® Premier), Marriott Bonvoy Boundless™ credit card (also known as Marriott Rewards® Premier Plus), or Marriott Bonvoy Bold™ credit card, who received a new cardmember bonus within the last 24 months.




                            If you are an existing Marriott Rewards Premier or Marriott Bonvoy™ Premier customer and would like this product, please call the number on the back of your card to see if you are eligible for a product change.
                        

Eligibility for the new cardmember bonus: The bonus is not available to you if you:

are a current cardmember, or were a previous cardmember within the last 30 days, of Marriott Bonvoy™ American Express® Card (also known as The Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card from American Express);
are a current or previous cardmember of either Marriott Bonvoy Business™ American Express® Card (also known as The Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card from American Express) or Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant™ American Express® Card (also known as the Starwood Preferred Guest® American Express Luxury Card), and received a new cardmember bonus or upgrade bonus in the last 24 months; or
applied and were approved for Marriott Bonvoy Business™ American Express® Card (also known as The Starwood Preferred Guest® Business Credit Card from American Express) or Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant™ American Express® Card (also known as the Starwood Preferred Guest® American Express Luxury Card) within the last 90 days.

New cardmember bonus: To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $2,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow up to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your Marriott Bonvoy™ account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. If your account is not open for at least 6 months, Marriott and Chase reserve the right to deduct the bonus points from your Marriott Bonvoy™ account.
                    


                            Earning Bonus Points
                        

Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the Marriott Bonvoy Bold™ card rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement Opens in a new window. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your card account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com Opens in a new window.
How you can earn points: You'll earn points when you, or an authorized user, use a Marriott Bonvoy™ credit card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 3 points ("3X points"): You'll earn 3 points for each $1 spent on qualifying purchases made at participating Marriott Bonvoy™ locations. Go to marriottbonvoy.com/about Opens Overlay  for a list of participating Marriott Bonvoy locations. You will only receive the accelerated earn of 3 points for each $1 spent from the credit card program. Additional points received under the Marriott Bonvoy program for stays at participating Marriott Bonvoy locations will be earned in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Marriott Bonvoy program. Marriott is responsible for ensuring all participating properties are correctly reported to Chase for cardmember earn on Marriott Bonvoy purchases. 2 points ("2X points"): You'll earn 2 points for each $1 spent on purchases in the travel category. 1 point ("1X points"): You'll earn 1 points for each $1 spent on all other purchases. Information about earning/transferring points to Marriott Bonvoy: Points earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to Marriott Bonvoy after the end of each billing cycle. Points expiration: The points transferred to your Marriott Bonvoy account won't expire as long as there is card earning activity or other qualifying earning or redemption activity every 24 months. If your card account is closed, you'll lose the points in your Marriott Bonvoy account if you don't have any other qualifying earning or redemption activity every 24 months. For details on this points expiration policy, visit marriottbonvoy.com/terms Opens Overlay . Losing points: You'll immediately lose all points that haven't been transferred to Marriott Bonvoy if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. All Marriott Bonvoy terms and conditions apply, available at marriottbonvoy.com/terms Opens Overlay . Rewards Categories: Merchants who accept Visa/MasterCard credit cards are assigned a merchant code, which is determined by the merchant or its processor in accordance with Visa/MasterCard procedures based on the kinds of products and services they primarily sell. We group similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers to you. Please note: We make every effort to include all relevant merchant codes in our rewards categories. However, even though a merchant or some of the items that it sells may appear to fit within a rewards category, the merchant may not have a merchant code in that category. When this occurs, purchases with that merchant won't qualify for rewards offers on purchases in that category. Purchases submitted by you, an authorized user, or the merchant through third-party payment accounts, mobile or wireless card readers, online or mobile digital wallets, or similar technology will not qualify in a rewards category if the technology is not set up to process the purchase in that rewards category. For more information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs Opens in a new window.



Points Don't Expire Program Requirements


                        Your points will not expire as long as you remain an active member in the Marriott Bonvoy™ Program. You remain active by doing one or more of the following during any 24-month period: (a) have an eligible stay at a participating property; (b) earn Marriott Bonvoy Points by using a Marriott Bonvoy Visa Credit Card for purchases (note that paying the credit card annual membership fee is not considered purchase activity); or (c) otherwise earn Marriott Bonvoy Points or miles in accordance with the Marriott Bonvoy Program terms and conditions. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use the card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. If you do not remain an active member, then Marriott Bonvoy reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to close your Marriott Bonvoy account without notice to you. In the event your Marriott Bonvoy account is closed, all unredeemed points in your Marriott Bonvoy account will be forfeited.
                    


15 Elite Night Credits Annually


                        Upon opening your Card Account, a maximum of 15 Elite Night credits will be credited to your Marriott Bonvoy™ member account within 60 days. On or before March 1 of each subsequent calendar year, a maximum of 15 Elite Night credits will be credited to your Marriott Bonvoy member account operated by Marriott International, Inc. in accordance with Marriott Bonvoy terms and conditions. To be eligible to receive the 15 Elite Night credits with this Card, you must be the primary cardmember, your Card Account must be open as of December 31 of the prior year, and you must have an active Marriott Bonvoy member account linked to your credit card account. See marriottbonvoy.com/benefits Opens Overlay  for more information regarding qualifications of Elite status. This benefit is not exclusive to credit cards offered by Chase. A maximum of 15 Elite Night credits will be awarded through this benefit per Marriott Bonvoy program member account even if the member has more than one Credit Card linked to their Marriott Bonvoy account. When your Marriott Bonvoy member accounts are merged, if both accounts have received 15 Elite Night credits, only one 15 Elite Night Credit will remain. Separate promotional offers of Elite Night credits will not count towards this per-account maximum but may have their own limits, see promotional terms at time of offer. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or failure to provide the stated benefits and services.
                    


Concierge Service


                        Cardmembers are responsible for the cost of any goods or services purchased through Visa Signature Concierge.
        Marriott Bonvoy™ Credit Cards are available to US residents that have a valid permanent home address within the 50 United States or the District of Columbia only.
        The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.
        You agree that when you apply for a Marriott Bonvoy™ credit card and for as long as you maintain an open account, your relationship with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC, or other credit card issuers of Marriott International, Inc. may be disclosed to other Marriott Bonvoy credit card issuers.
                    


MARRIOTT BONVOY™ PROGRAM INFORMATION


                        Points accrued and awards issued are subject to the terms and conditions of the Marriott Bonvoy™ program. Click here, marriottbonvoy.com/terms Opens Overlay , for complete terms and conditions of the Marriott Bonvoy program, including all redemption values, or refer to marriottbonvoy.com/about Opens Overlay . Terms and conditions of the Marriott Bonvoy program may be modified and services and benefits may be added or deleted at any time without notice to Cardmembers. Individuals whose request for a credit card are not approved will not be enrolled in the Marriott Bonvoy program through this offer, although existing Marriott Bonvoy memberships will not be affected. Additional authorized users will not be enrolled in the Marriott Bonvoy program as a result of this offer. Marriott Bonvoy points awarded through the use of the authorized user's card will only be credited to the Primary Cardmember's Marriott Bonvoy account.
          Associates of Marriott International, Inc. and its subsidiaries will only receive the accelerated earn of 3 points for each dollar spent at participating hotels from the credit card program and will not receive additional points under the Marriott Bonvoy Program for stays at participating Marriott Bonvoy locations.
          Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Marriott Bonvoy Bold™credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Offer subject to change.
                    





































































End Offer Details content.
