                                                                                
                                                        40,000 Bonus Points     
                                                                   The product i
s not available to either (i) current Cardmembers of any Southwest Rapids Reward
s® Credit Card, or (ii) previous Cardmembers of any Southwest Rapid Rewards Cred
it Card who received a new Cardmember bonus within the last 24 months. This does
 not apply to Cardmembers of the Southwest Rapid Rewards Business Card and Emplo
yee Credit Card products. To qualify for your bonus points, you must make Purcha
ses totaling $1,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. Plea
se allow up to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your Rapid Rewards® account. 
("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, 
foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions
, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting tra
nsactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudu
lent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) To 
be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the
 time of fulfillment.                                                           
                                 Earning Points                                 
                                       Rewards Program Agreement: For more infor
mation about the Rapid Rewards® Premier card rewards program, view the latest Re
wards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your a
ccount is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Progr
am Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com.        How yo
u can earn points: You'll earn points when you, or an authorized user, use a Rap
id Rewards® Credit Card to make purchases of products and services, minus return
s or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will c
ount as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count as 
a purchase and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cas
h-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or 
similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, una
uthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, 
if applicable. 2 points: You'll earn 2 points for each $1 spent on purchases mad
e directly with Southwest Airlines®, including flight, inflight, Southwest® gift
 card, and Southwest Vacations® package purchases, and at participating Rapid Re
wards® hotel and rental car partners. 1 point: You'll earn 1 point for each $1 s
pent on all other purchases. 1 point on balance transfers: You'll earn 1 point f
or each $1 of the first $15,000 of balance transfers made during the first 90 da
ys from your original account open date. 6,000 bonus points each account anniver
sary year: You'll receive 6,000 bonus points each account anniversary year. "Acc
ount anniversary year" means the year beginning with your account open date thro
ugh the anniversary of your account open date, and each 12 months after that. 1,
500 tier qualifying points: You'll earn 1,500 tier qualifying points (TQPs) for 
every $10,000 in eligible net purchases on the card, up to 15,000 tier qualifyin
g points per year. TQPs can be used to count toward qualification for Rapid Rewa
rds A-List or A-List Preferred status. "Annually" means the year beginning with 
your account open date through the first December statement date of that same ye
ar, and each 12 billing cycles starting after your December statement date throu
gh the following December statement date. Information about earning/transferring
 points to Southwest Airlines®: Points earned during a billing cycle will be aut
omatically transferred to Southwest Airlines after the end of each billing cycle
. Points expiration: The points transferred to your Rapid Rewards account won't 
expire as long as your card account is open or you have flight-earning or Southw
est Airlines partner-earning activity at least once every 24 months. If your car
d account is closed, the points in your Rapid Rewards account will expire if the
re isn't flight-earning or Southwest Airlines partner-earning activity at least 
once every 24 months. Losing points: You'll immediately lose all points that hav
en't been transferred to Southwest Airlines if your card account status changes,
 or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failu
re to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Pr
ogram Agreement.                                                                
                            Points don't expire, Unlimited Reward Seats and No B
lackout Dates                                                                   
     Points don't expire: The points transferred to your Rapid Rewards® account 
won't expire as long as your card is open or you have flight-earning or partner-
earning activity at least once every 24 months. If your card account is closed, 
the points in your Rapid Rewards account will expire if there isn't flight-earni
ng or Southwest Airlines partner-earning activity at least once every 24 months.
 No blackout dates and unlimited reward seats apply to flights booked with point
s.Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. South
west Rapid Rewards® Credit Cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subjec
t to change.                                                                    
                        SOUTHWEST® RAPID REWARDS® PROGRAM INFORMATION           
                                                             The Southwest Rapid
 Rewards® Credit Card is brought to you by Southwest Airlines® and Chase. Southw
est Airlines is responsible for the redemption of Rapid Rewards points toward be
nefits and services. The number of points needed for any particular Southwest fl
ight is set by Southwest and will vary depending on destination, time, day of tr
avel, demand, point redemption rate, and other factors and is subject to change.
 Rapid Rewards points can only be transferred to the primary Cardmember's Rapid 
Rewards account. All Rapid Rewards rules and regulations apply, please visit Sou
thwest.com/rrterms. Southwest reserves the right to amend, suspend, or change th
e program and/or program rules at any time without notice. Rapid Rewards Members
 do not acquire property rights in accrued points and awards.                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
 