                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                Amazon.com Gift Cards: Upon appr
oval of your Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Card application, the Gift Card will 
be loaded into your Amazon.com account. The Amazon.com Gift Card is only awarded
 to new cardmembers and at the time of card approval. The Gift Card cannot be us
ed for other gift card purchases. Amazon.com Gift Cards are issued by ACI Gift C
ards, Inc., a Washington Company. See www.amazon.com/gc-legal for complete terms
 and conditions.                                                                
                            Instant Credit Approval                             
                                           If you respond via the Internet, the 
majority of applications are responded to in less than 60 seconds. Your actual r
esponse time may vary depending on the Internet connection and volume of submitt
ed requests. We may not be able to give you an immediate answer in every instanc
e. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Amaz
on Rewards Visa Signature credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer 
subject to change.                                                              
                              Earning Rewards:                                  
                                      Rewards Program Agreement: For more inform
ation about the Amazon card rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agr
eement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is establi
shed. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will
 also be available after logging in to chase.com. The terms of the Rewards Progr
am Agreement apply to the 3% Back and 5% Back earned at Amazon.com and Whole Foo
ds Market including physical Whole Foods Market store locations, 365 stores, and
 the website accessible at wholefoodsmarket.com.                % Back and Point
s: "% Back rewards" are the rewards you earn under the program. % Back rewards a
re tracked as points and each $1 in % Back rewards earned is equal to 100 points
. You may simply see "% Back" in marketing materials when referring to the rewar
ds you earn. Eligible Prime memberships only apply to Amazon.com accounts (and n
ot accounts on any other affiliated websites outside the U.S.) and may include, 
in Amazon's sole discretion: annual and monthly Amazon Prime subscriptions and m
embers of their Amazon Household (excluding Amazon Prime Video and invited guest
s of an Amazon Prime account), Amazon Prime Fresh, Amazon Family, Amazon Prime S
tudent and trial memberships of Amazon Prime.                How you can earn po
ints: You'll earn points when you, or an authorized user, use an Amazon Rewards 
Visa Signature or Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Signature credit card to make purcha
ses of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and serv
ices with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the follo
wing types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers,
 cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers
 or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race t
rack wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account
, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including 
an annual fee, if applicable.                When you earn 3% Back at Amazon.com
 and Whole Foods Market: If the Amazon.com account through which you apply for y
our card account does not have an eligible Prime membership, your card account w
ill earn 3% Back on Amazon.com and Whole Foods Market purchases.                
Your card account will earn 5% Back instead: If the Amazon.com account through w
hich you apply for your card account has an eligible Prime membership and your c
ard account is loaded into that Amazon.com account. If you switch Amazon.com acc
ounts, use multiple Amazon.com accounts, or your card account is loaded into mul
tiple Amazon.com accounts, then your card account may not automatically earn 5% 
Back and may instead earn 3% Back. In such cases, you will need to confirm your 
card account number and select your card account on that Amazon.com account with
 eligible Prime membership in order to earn 5% Back. To learn how, visit the "Ma
nage Payment Options" page via "Your Account" page at Amazon.com. Once you've co
nfirmed and selected your card account, your card account will then earn 5% Back
 on Amazon.com and Whole Foods Market purchases until that Amazon.com account wi
th eligible Prime membership:                        (i) no longer has an eligib
le Prime membership;        (ii) no longer has your card account loaded in that 
Amazon.com account;        (iii) is closed;        (iv) is used to select a diff
erent card account to earn 5% Back at Amazon.com; or        (v) is used to apply
 for another Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Signature card account that is approved a
nd loaded in that Amazon.com account (that new card account will earn 5% Back at
 Amazon.com).                Whether a purchase earns 3% Back or 5% Back is dete
rmined at the time your eligible Amazon.com or Whole Foods Market purchase is ma
de.                Earning % Back Rewards: You'll earn either 3% Back or 5% Back
 for each $1 of eligible purchases made using your card account at Amazon.com an
d Whole Foods Market, as described above. 3% Back equates to $0.03 in % Back rew
ards, which is equal to 3 points, for each $1 spent. 5% Back equates to $0.05 in
 % Back rewards, which is equal to 5 points, for each $1 spent. 3% Back or 5% Ba
ck is earned only on purchases made at Amazon.com (including digital downloads, 
Amazon.com Gift Cards, Amazon Fresh orders, Amazon Prime subscriptions, and item
s sold by third-party merchants through Amazon.com's marketplace) and Whole Food
s Market (including physical Whole Foods Market and Whole Foods Market 365 store
s, and the website accessible at www.wholefoodsmarket.com). 3% Back or 5% Back i
s not earned on (i) purchases from merchants using Amazon Pay, (ii) purchases ma
de at international Amazon retail sites (including but not limited to Amazon.ca,
 Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.de, Amazon.fr, or Amazon.co.jp), or any other website oper
ated by Amazon, (iii) purchases made at international Whole Foods Market sites, 
(iv) purchases of Whole Foods Market or Whole Foods Market 365 products or servi
ces through third-party sites such as Eventbrite, Instacart, Google Express and 
Shipt, (v) online purchases of Whole Foods Market or Whole Foods Market 365 gift
 cards (including through buyatab.com), event tickets or classes, (vi) purchases
 from certain third-party vendors operating at Whole Foods Market sites, (vii) p
urchases of massage services at any Whole Foods Market site, or (viii) purchases
 from Spa@Ink, in each case in Amazon's sole discretion. You'll earn 2% Back for
 each $1 spent in the following rewards categories: restaurants; gas stations; d
rugstores. This equates to $0.02 in % Back rewards, which is equal to 2 points, 
for each $1 spent. You'll earn 1% Back for each $1 spent on all other purchases.
 This equates to $0.01 in % Back rewards, which is equal to 1 point, for each $1
 spent. We may offer you ways to earn bonus points through the program or specia
l promotions. You'll find out more about the number of bonus points you can earn
 and any other terms at or before the time of each eligible offer.        How yo
u can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for eligible purchases 
at Amazon.com. You can also use your points to redeem for cash, starting at 2,00
0 points, through an account statement credit or electronic deposit into an elig
ible checking or savings account held by a financial institution located in the 
United States. Other redemption options include travel, gift cards, and products
 or services made available through the program or directly from third party mer
chants.        Points expiration/losing points: Your points don't expire as long
 as your account remains open, however, you will immediately lose all your point
s if your account status changes, or your account is closed for program misuse, 
fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in
 the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement.                Rewards Categories: 
Merchants who accept Visa/MasterCard credit cards are assigned a merchant code, 
which is determined by the merchant or its processor in accordance with Visa/Mas
terCard procedures based on the kinds of products and services they primarily se
ll. Chase groups similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of making r
ewards offers to you. Please note: Chase makes every effort to include all relev
ant merchant codes in its rewards categories. However, even though a merchant or
 some of the items that it sells may appear to fit within a rewards category, th
e merchant may not have a merchant code in that category. When this occurs, purc
hases with that merchant won't qualify for rewards offers on purchases in that c
ategory. Purchases submitted by you, an authorized user, or the merchant through
 third-party payment accounts, mobile or wireless card readers, online or mobile
 digital wallets, or similar technology will not qualify in a rewards category i
f the technology is not set up to process the purchase in that rewards category.
 For more information about Chase rewards categories, see www.chase.com/rewardsc
ategoryfaqs.        Using your Points at Amazon.com Checkout (Shop with Points):
 Additional Chase and Amazon.com Shop with Points service terms apply. Learn mor
e about Shop with Points by going to www.amazon.com/chaseswp. Some or all docume
nts, services, websites (whether controlled by Chase or others) and/or correspon
dence may be available only in English.                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                       Visa Signature Concierge 
Service                                                                        C
ardmembers are responsible for the cost of any goods or services purchased throu
gh Visa Signature Concierge.                                                    
                                        Zero Liability                          
                                              Zero Liability Protection does not
 apply to use of an account by an authorized user without the approval of the pr
imary cardmember. If you think someone used your account without permission, tel
l us immediately by calling the Cardmember Services number on your card or billi
ng statement.                                                                   
                                                                                
                 Amazon, the Amazon.com logo and the smile logo are trademarks o
f Amazon or its affiliates.                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   