                                                                                
                                                        Eligibility             
                                                           To be eligible for a 
Disney Visa Credit Card you must have a valid permanent home address within the 
50 United States or the District of Columbia. Accounts subject to credit approva
l. Restrictions and limitations apply. Disney Visa Credit Cards are issued by Ch
ase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.                                     
                                                       $50 Statement Credit     
                                                                   This product 
is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) 
previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for
 this credit card within the last 24 months. You must apply using the applicatio
n link on this page to be eligible for this offer. In some instances, an applica
tion may require additional time to process. This offer is limited to a one-time
 award for new cardmembers of a $50 statement credit after First Purchase with t
he Disney Visa Card. ("First Purchase" does not include balance transfers, cash 
advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or si
milar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track w
agers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, inte
rest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an ann
ual fee, if applicable.) To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be op
en and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Please allow up to 8 weeks aft
er your First Purchase with the card for this credit to appear in your statement
.                                                                               
             Earn Disney Rewards Dollars                                        
                                Subject to credit approval. You will earn one pe
rcent (1%) in Disney Rewards Dollars for every one dollar in Qualifying Purchase
s. ("Qualifying Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, trav
elers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, or similar cash-li
ke transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or simi
lar betting transactions, any checks that access your Card Account, interest, un
authorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, 
if applicable.) Additional terms and conditions that apply to Disney Rewards Dol
lars will be provided to you with your Disney Visa Card once you become a cardme
mber.                                                                           
                 Disney Theme Park &amp; Resort Perks                           
                                             Offers and offer elements including
, but not limited to, participating locations, are subject to availability and a
dditional restrictions, and may change or be canceled without notice. Must use a
 valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card to receive special
 offers. Merchandise discount may not be available for certain items and at cert
ain locations including Disneyland® Resort and Walt Disney World® Resort Operati
ng Participant locations and any other locations or kiosks that are not owned or
 operated by the owners of the Disneyland® Resort or Walt Disney World® Resort. 
To receive a merchandise discount, you must mention the specific offer. For entr
y into the Disney Character or Star Wars™ Character Experience Photo Opportuniti
es, must present your valid Disney Visa Credit Card. Not valid in combination wi
th other offers, discounts, promotions or with any previous purchase. Minimum pu
rchase and/or separate admission may be required. Offers are for personal use on
ly and may not be transferred or resold. Chase is not responsible or liable for 
fulfillment of these Disney Theme Park and Resort perks.                        
                                                                    Character Ex
perience                                                                        
The Disneyland® Resort Character Experience Photo Opportunities are offered dail
y during set hours–the Disney Character Experience is at Disney California Adven
ture® Park and the Star Wars™ Character Experience is at Disneyland® Park. The W
alt Disney World® Resort Character Experience Photo Opportunities are offered da
ily during set hours–the Disney Character Experience is at Epcot® and the Star W
ars™ Character Experience is at Disney's Hollywood Studios®. Separate Theme Park
 admission required for each Character Experience Opportunity. Must present a va
lid Disney Visa Credit Card for entry for up to 6 people per cardmember account 
(each cardmember account may be used for entry only one time per day). Operating
 times, days of the week, locations and appearance of Characters may vary and ar
e subject to restrictions and change or cancellation without notice. Offer inclu
des complimentary downloads of your Disney PhotoPass® photos taken at the Disney
 Visa Character Experience location that are associated to your Disney account. 
To access complimentary downloads of your Disney PhotoPass® photos taken at the 
Disney Visa Character Experience location at the Disneyland® Resort, go to Disne
yland.com/photopass or at the location at Walt Disney World® Resort, go to MyDis
neyPhotoPass.com and then log-in using your existing account or create an accoun
t. MagicBands or other medium scanned by the photographer at the time of capture
 must be linked to your My Disney Experience Profile at Walt Disney World® Resor
t or linked to your Disneyland® Resort account, or you may claim PhotoPass cards
 provided to you by the photographer by entering the PhotoPass ID number found o
n the back of your PhotoPass card. One photo session per valid cardmember accoun
t per day. Offer not valid for photos taken at other Disney PhotoPass® locations
 or attractions photos. Photos will expire pursuant to the expiration policy at 
Disneyland.disney.go.com/photopass-expiration-policy or MyDisneyPhotoPass.disney
.go.com/help-and-support, as applicable. Not responsible for missing, lost or da
maged photos. Not valid in combination with other offers, discounts or promotion
s. Offer is for personal use only and may not be transferred or resold. Please v
isit DisneyRewards.com/ParkPerks for additional information.                    
                                                                        Merchand
ise Savings at Disney Theme Parks &amp; Resorts                                 
                                       A $50 minimum pre-tax single transaction 
merchandise purchase is required to receive discount. Must use your valid Disney
 Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card as payment form and mention thi
s offer. Discount is not valid on previous purchases or on purchases of ticket m
edia, gift certificates, Disney Gift Cards, Park Admission, Arcades, tobacco, al
cohol, Outdoor Vending (e.g., in-Park balloon vendors, glow vendors), Add-a-Doll
ar (Wildlife Conservation Fund), postage stamps, rentals (e.g., strollers, ECV),
 personalization including D-Tech Me figures, Disney PhotoPass® online purchases
, PhotoPass+ and Memory Maker, framed Disney Dollars, Artist Sketch Program, ori
ginal or consignment art, select limited editions, select specialty items, purch
ase-with-purchase offers, newspapers/periodicals, books, videos, DVDs, CDs, sund
ries, pantry/prepared foods, digital/video/disposable cameras, film, consumer el
ectronics, National branded fragrances, treatments and cosmetics, Swarovski® Cry
stal, select collectibles, handmade items, special orders, Bibbidi Bobbidi Bouti
que and Pirate League packages (at Walt Disney World® Resort), phone, email or m
ail order purchases, shipping or taxes or Authentic Hawaiian Collectibles. Disco
unt does not apply at the following locations at the Disneyland® Resort: Midway 
Games, Fairytale Arts, Jewel of Orleans, Silhouette Studio, Portrait Artists, Pa
rasol Cart, Crystal Shops (Crystal Arts and Cristal d'Orleans), face painting lo
cations, or at any Downtown Disney® District location other than World of Disney
® Store, D Street, Disney Vault 28, WonderGround Gallery, Marceline's Confection
ery, Disney's Pin Traders and Anna &amp; Elsa's Boutique. Discount is not availa
ble at Cast Connection, Disney's Character Premiere, Disney's Character Warehous
e or Walt Disney World® Resort Operating Participant locations and any other loc
ations or kiosks that are not owned or operated by the owners of the Walt Disney
 World® Resort, except for Basin®, Basin White®, Chapel Hats (store and kiosk), 
Good Fortune Gifts and House of Good Fortune, kidsHeritage, Luxury of Time, Marr
akesh Emporium Arts &amp; Crafts, Joffrey's coffee/tea kiosks and Tea Traders Ca
fé by Joffrey's, Sperry and Volcom. Offer and offer elements including, but not 
limited to, participating locations and items, are subject to availability and a
dditional restrictions, and may change or be canceled without notice. Not valid 
in combination with other offers, discounts or promotions. Separate admission ma
y be required. Discount is for personal use only and may not be transferred or u
sed to purchase merchandise with the intent to resell the merchandise.          
                                                                                
  Dining Savings at Disney Parks &amp; Resorts                                  
                                      Offer excludes alcoholic beverages, mercha
ndise, tobacco, room service, holiday buffets, tax and gratuity. Must use your v
alid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card at time of purchase.
 Discount valid at the following restaurant locations: Walt Disney World® Resort
–Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge &amp; Villas: Boma - Flavors of Africa, Jiko - Th
e Cooking Place (see restrictions), and Sanaa; Disney's BoardWalk Inn &amp; Vill
as: ESPN Sports Club and Flying Fish (see restrictions); Disney's Contemporary R
esort: The Wave...of American Flavors; Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort &amp; Cam
pground: Trail's End Restaurant; Disney's Grand Floridian Resort &amp; Spa: Citr
icos (see restrictions), Grand Floridian Cafe, and Narcoossee's; Disney's Old Ke
y West Resort: Olivia's Cafe; Disney's Polynesian Village Resort: Kona Cafe; Dis
ney's Port Orleans Resort: Boatwright's Dining Hall; Disney's Saratoga Springs R
esort &amp; Spa: The Turf Club Bar and Grill; Disney's Wilderness Lodge: Artist 
Point (see restrictions) and Whispering Canyon Cafe; Disney's Yacht Club Resort:
 Captain's Grille and Cape May Cafe; Disney's Hollywood Studios®: The Hollywood 
Brown Derby (see restrictions) and Hollywood &amp; Vine (see restrictions); Epco
t®: Biergarten Restaurant (see restrictions), Coral Reef Restaurant (lunch only)
, Le Cellier Steakhouse (lunch only), and Rose &amp; Crown Dining Room (lunch on
ly); and ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex: ESPN Wide World of Sports Grill. For
 locations where it is noted to see restrictions, the discount does not apply to
 the following dates: 11/23/17, 12/24/17, 12/25/17, 12/31/17, 1/1/18, 2/14/18, 4
/1/18, 5/13/18 and 7/4/18. The Disneyland® Resort–Disneyland® Park: French Marke
t and River Belle Terrace; Disney California Adventure® Park: Cocina Cucamonga M
exican Grill, Wine Country Trattoria, and Paradise Garden Grill; Disneyland® Res
ort Hotels: Steakhouse 55, Disney's PCH Grill and Storytellers Café. Disney's Ve
ro Beach Resort: Shutters. Subject to restaurant operating hours and closures. O
ffer and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating locations, 
are subject to availability and additional restrictions, and may change or be ca
nceled without notice. Not valid in combination with other offers, discounts or 
promotions. Separate admission may be required. Discount is for personal use onl
y and may not be transferred or resold.                                         
                                                   Guided Tour Savings at Disney
 Parks                                                                        Mu
st use your valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card at time
 of purchase. Most guided tours require separate Theme Park admission. Cardmembe
r must participate in the guided tour or recreation experiences. Guided tours an
d recreation experiences can be booked for up to 10 total Guests (inclusive of t
he cardmember). Some guided tours and recreation experiences have age and other 
restrictions. Offers and offer elements including, but not limited to, participa
ting guided tours and recreation experiences, are subject to availability and ad
ditional restrictions, and may change or be canceled without notice. Not valid i
n combination with other offers, discounts, promotions or with any previous purc
hase. Guided tour and recreation experience reservations are for personal use on
ly and may not be transferred or resold.                Following is a list of g
uided tours that are included at the Disneyland® Resort:                Walk in 
Walt's Disneyland® Footsteps (Guided Tour)                Disney's Happiest Haun
ts Tour (offered seasonally)                "Holiday Time at Disneyland®" Tour (
offered seasonally)                                Following is a list of guided
 tours that are included at Walt Disney World® Resort:                        Ma
gic Kingdom® Park                Disney's Family Magic Tour                Disne
y's Keys to the Kingdom Tour                Disney's The Magic Behind Our Steam 
Trains Tour                Walt Disney: Marceline to Magic Kingdom® Tour        
                Epcot®                Gardens of the World (offered seasonally) 
               The UnDISCOVERed Future World Tour                Epcot® Seas Adv
entures – Dolphins in Depth                Epcot® Seas Adventures – Aqua Tours  
              Epcot® Seas Adventures – DiveQuest                Behind the Seeds
                World Showcase: DestiNations Discovered                         
               Disney's Animal Kingdom® Theme Park                Backstage Tale
s                        Multiple Theme Parks, Backstage Areas and Resort Hotels
                Ultimate Day of Thrills VIP Tour                Ultimate Day for
 Young Families VIP Tour                Ultimate Day at Epcot® International Foo
d &amp; Wine Festival                Backstage Magic                Disney's Hol
iday D-Lights Tour (offered seasonally)                Disney's Yuletide Fantasy
 (offered seasonally)                Wilderness Back Trail Adventure            
                                                                                
Special Vacation Financing                                                      
                  Get special vacation financing on select Disney Resort package
s, all Adventures by Disney® packages, all Aulani, A Disney Resort &amp; Spa, Ko
 Olina, Hawai‘i vacation packages, and all Disney Cruise Line packages (collecti
vely, Disney Vacation Packages). Disney Vacation Packages must be booked by you 
or your travel agent through the Walt Disney Travel Company, Disney Cruise Line 
or Adventures by Disney Travel Services, Inc. and charged to your Disney Visa Cr
edit Card prior to commencement of your vacation. Other restrictions and exclusi
ons apply. Please refer to the Pricing &amp; Terms for pricing details. You will
 receive complete terms and conditions for this offer once you become a cardmemb
er.                                                                             
               Merchandise Savings at Disney Store                              
                                          10% off Restrictions: Offer valid only
 at Disney store and Disney Baby Store retail locations in the U.S. or orders pl
aced online at shopDisney.com. Not valid on purchases at The Disney Studio Store
 Hollywood &amp; Ghirardelli Soda Fountain Shop, Disney Parks and Resort locatio
ns, including World of Disney® locations and Shop Disney Parks app, or any onlin
e platforms other than shopDisney.com. Offer excludes taxes, Shipping &amp; Hand
ling, Theme Park Passes, Disney Electronics, DVDs, Blu-ray™, CDs, Video Games, B
ooks, Art &amp; Collectibles, Jim Shore, Lenox®, Enesco Busts and Figurines, Ols
zewski, Precious Moments, Vinylmation, Limited Edition and Limited Availability 
merchandise, Ethan Allen, Bikes &amp; Scooters, Disney Store 30th Anniversary me
rchandise, Electronic Toys, D23 Memberships, D23 Merchandise, gift cards or cert
ificates, The Walt Disney Company Collectible Shareholder Certificate, 3-D print
ed merchandise, Subscription products, personalization, gift wrap and gift boxes
 and items not in stock. Additional exclusions may apply. Offer cannot be combin
ed with any other offer or discount except available shipping offers. No adjustm
ents to prior purchases. Merchandise subject to availability. Prices subject to 
change without notice. Returns and exchanges will be subject to discount taken a
t time of purchase. Valid packing slip or receipt required for returns and excha
nges. Payment with valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card 
is required. Promotion Code may not be redeemed for cash, sold, or altered. Inte
rnet distribution strictly prohibited. Use of offer or Promotion Code DRVCMEMBER
 constitutes acceptance of these offer terms. Offer may be canceled or modified 
at any time without notice. Visit shopDisney.com/DRVCPerkDetails. for the most c
urrent list of exclusions and any updates to these offer terms. Void where prohi
bited. Chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of this offer.        
                                                                                
    Cardmember Events at Disney Store                                           
                             Invitation valid at participating U.S. retail store
s on event day only. Event passes limited based on store capacity. Passes are su
bject to availability and will be allocated on a first-come, first-served basis 
via the event website. Users who successfully claim any passes will need to prin
t the email with a valid booking number and take them along to the Disney Store 
location on the day of the event at the time given. No cash alternative. Passes 
are non-transferable and for the use of the cardmember and their minor guests fo
r whom passes have been provided only. All minors must be accompanied by an adul
t. Emailing of passes, distribution of personal login details, passwords, passes
, photocopying and multiple printing of passes is strictly prohibited. Users fou
nd to be in violation of this rule may be barred from using the Reservation Site
. Passes may not under any circumstances be resold for financial or any other ma
terial gain. Event subject to change or cancellation without notice. While suppl
ies last. Void where prohibited. Chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillm
ent of this offer.                                                              
                              Card Designs                                      
                                  Card designs are subject to availability and m
ay change without notice.                                                       
                                                                                
                             © Disney and its related entities.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                               