50,000 Bonus Miles
                        
                        
                        This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. With this bonus offer, you will qualify and receive 50,000 bonus miles after you make Purchases totaling $3,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus miles to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Bonus miles do not count towards Premier status. If your account is not open for at least six months, United and Chase reserve the right to deduct the bonus miles from your MileagePlus Program account.
                    

                        
                            United Club Membership
                        
                        
                        United ClubSM membership is subject to United Club terms and conditions, united.com/UnitedClubRules, and access policies, united.com/UnitedClubAccess, each of which is subject to change, with or without notice. Information on the terms and access policies for participating Star Alliance lounges is available at StarAlliance.com. Please allow 2 weeks after account open date for the United Club membership to activate (excludes Star Alliance and affiliated lounges). The United Club membership card will be sent to the primary Cardmember 6 weeks after the account open date. Authorized users will not receive their own United Club membership and are only eligible for United Club access if they accompany the primary Cardmember and qualify as an eligible guest per the then-current United Club access policies. The Cardmember's United Club membership will be renewed automatically on each credit card anniversary date, provided that the account is open and not in default. Existing United Club members are eligible to receive a pro-rated refund for any unused portion of their current membership if the refund is greater than $15. Please allow 6 to 10 weeks to receive refund checks. Lifetime United Club members are excluded from receiving a reimbursement. Chase is not responsible for the fulfillment of the United Club membership.
                    

                        
                            Premier Access
                        
                        
                        The primary Cardmember and companions traveling on the same reservation are eligible for Premier Access®; authorized users are only eligible if they are on the same reservation as the primary Cardmember. Benefits include the following travel services where available: designated check-in lines, priority security lanes, priority boarding, and priority baggage handling. To receive Premier Access, the primary Cardmember must include their MileagePlus® number in their reservation. Premier Access is only available on United- and United Express-operated flights; codeshare partner-operated flights are not eligible. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, Premier Access. Please allow 2 weeks after account opening for Premier Access to be available on your United reservation. Please visit united.com/PremierAccess for details.
                    

                        
                            Earning Award Miles
                        
                        
                        Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the United MileagePlus® Club Card rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com.
        How you can earn miles: You'll earn miles when you, or an authorized user, use a United MileagePlus® credit card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn miles: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1.5 miles: You'll earn 1.5 miles for each $1 spent. 2 miles: You'll earn 2 miles total for each $1 spent on airline tickets purchased directly from United (.5 additional miles on top of the 1.5 miles per $1 earned on each purchase). Information about earning/transferring miles to United: Miles earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to United after the end of each billing cycle. Miles expiration: The miles transferred to your MileagePlus account will not expire as long as your credit card account is open. If your credit card account is closed, or if you change your account to a Chase United Credit Card account which does not have an annual fee, your miles will expire according to the MileagePlus program rules. Losing miles: You'll immediately lose all miles that haven't been transferred to United if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement.
                    

                        
                            Free Checked Bags
                        
                        
                        The primary Cardmember and one traveling companion on the same reservation are each eligible to receive their first and second standard checked bags free; authorized users are only eligible if they are on the same reservation as the primary Cardmember. To receive first and second standard checked bags free, the primary Cardmember must include their MileagePlus® number in their reservation and use their MileagePlus Club Card to purchase their ticket(s). First and second standard checked bags free is only available on United- and United Express-operated flights; codeshare partner-operated flights are not eligible. Service charges for oversized, overweight and extra baggage may apply. Cardmembers who are already exempt from other checked baggage service charges will not receive additional free standard checked bags. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Please allow 2 weeks after account opening for your first and second free standard checked bags to be available on eligible United reservations. Please visit united.com/ChaseBag for details.
                    

                        
                            United Saver Awards
                        
                        
                        United Economy Saver Awards are redeemable starting as low as 12,500 miles for one-way travel within the continental U.S. and Canada as of October, 1 2018. Award pricing is subject to change without notice.
                    

                        
                            Award Availability and Fees
                        
                        
                        The primary Cardmember can use miles to book award travel on any United-operated flight at the MileagePlus® Everyday Award level, including award travel booked by the primary Cardmember for an authorized user under the primary Cardmember's MileagePlus number, as long as tickets are still available for sale for the applicable cabin on such flight. The primary Cardmember's MileagePlus number must be provided before starting the award travel booking process. Award bookings under an authorized user's MileagePlus number will not receive this benefit. Award pricing is subject to change without notice. Saver Awards, awards on partner-operated flights and upgrade awards are subject to limitations and restrictions.  Passenger is responsible for all taxes, fees, baggage fees and surcharges applicable to award travel, including, with respect to government imposed taxes and fees, September 11th Security Fee of $5.60 per one-way trip that does not include a government defined stopover, US Customs, Immigration and APHIS User Fees of $17.50 for each international arrival in the U.S.; and non-U.S. government ticket taxes, fees and airport charges may add up to $275 per ticket as of January, 1 2018. Such taxes, fees and surcharges must be paid at the time of ticketing and are subject to change. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Visit united.com/awards for details.
                    

                        
                            Close-In Fee Waiver
                        
                        
                        The primary Cardmember will receive a close-in booking fee waiver on award tickets booked less than 21 days before departure, including award tickets booked by the primary Cardmember for an authorized user under the primary Cardmember's MileagePlus® number. The primary Cardmember's MileagePlus number must be provided before starting the award travel booking process. Award booking under an authorized user's MileagePlus number will not receive this benefit. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, close-in booking fee waivers. Please visit united.com/awards. for information about MileagePlus awards.
                    

                        
                            Upgrading Award Tickets
                        
                        
                        The primary Cardmember who has MileagePlus® Premier® status and is traveling on an award ticket is eligible for Complimentary Premier Upgrades on select United- and United Express-operated flights, subject to availability; travel companions and authorized users are not eligible. Assignment of Complimentary Premier Upgrades on award tickets within each Premier level will be prioritized after the lowest paid fare class. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Please visit united.com/upgrades for details on flights eligible for Complimentary Premier Upgrades and upgrade processing.
                    

                        
                            Hertz Gold Plus Rewards® President's Circle® Membership
                        
                        
                        The primary Cardmember is eligible to enroll in Hertz Gold Plus Rewards President's Circle by visiting united.com/HertzChaseBenefit. Please allow 3-7 business days after enrolling in Hertz Gold Plus Rewards President's Circle for your membership to process. In order to receive Hertz Gold Plus Rewards President's Circle benefits, the primary Cardmember must include their Hertz Gold Plus Rewards member number in their Hertz reservation. In order to receive the Hertz Gold Plus Rewards points, the primary Cardmember must opt in, under the "Member Details" section of their Hertz profile. Offer made by Hertz. All Hertz Membership and Rental Terms and Conditions apply, including the right to change, limit or modify the President's Circle Program or portions of the program at any time. Please visit united.com/HertzChaseBenefit for details. Chase Bank USA, N.A. is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, the stated benefits and services.
                    

                        
                            Room Upgrades and Special Amenities
                        
                        
                        The Luxury Hotel & Resort Collection (LHRC) program benefits and Guest Privileges are available exclusively on select Chase credit cards. To receive the Guest Privileges, reservations must be made through an LHRC Travel Specialist or on LHRCollection.com. Websites and other information provided by LHRC and/or participating hotels are not within Chase's control and may or may not be available in Spanish. All exclusive amenities and Guest Privileges are provided per room and are based on double occupancy. Some amenities may only apply to select rates, may be subject to availability at check-in, and are not redeemable for cash. Amenities may not be combined with other offers, including tour operator or wholesaler rates and packages. Complimentary Wi-Fi provided, with the exception of Mombo Camp where Wi-Fi is not available. Program benefits, participating properties, and Guest Privileges are valid through the current calendar year, but may become unavailable due to circumstances outside of Chase's control. All efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained. We reserve the right to correct any mistakes. Certain blackout dates and other restrictions may apply. This program is brought to you by Chase through an agreement with Signature Travel Network.
                    

                        
                            Concierge Service
                        
                        
                        Cardmembers are responsible for the cost of any goods or services purchased through the Concierge.
                    

                        
                            United MileagePlus Visa Card Program Information
                        
                        
                        Individuals whose requests for this offer are not approved will not be enrolled in MileagePlus® through this request, although existing MileagePlus members will remain enrolled in MileagePlus. Authorized users will not be enrolled in MileagePlus as a result of this request. MileagePlus miles awarded through the use of the authorized user's card will only be credited to the primary cardmember's account. If a cardmember's membership in United's MileagePlus Program is terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of that Program, the cardmember will no longer be eligible to earn any MileagePlus miles for purchases using the United MileagePlus Card. Chase's sole obligation concerning the award and redemption of miles shall be to make a valid request to United to award miles to the cardmember's associated MileagePlus account. Chase disclaims liability or responsibility for United's failure to award or redeem miles to the cardmember's associated MileagePlus account after Chase has met its obligations to United in connection with such a request. Benefits are available as long as cardmember's MileagePlus Club Credit Card account is open and not in default. Upon closure of the cardmember's MileagePlus Club Credit Card account, all benefits will be canceled.
                    

                        
                            MileagePlus Program Terms and Conditions:
                        
                        
                        Miles accrued, awards, and benefits issued are subject to change and are subject to the rules of the United MileagePlus program, including without limitation the Premier® program (the "MileagePlus Program"), which are expressly incorporated herein. Please allow 6-8 weeks after completed qualifying activity for miles to post to your account. United may change the MileagePlus Program including, but not limited to, rules, regulations, travel awards and special offers or terminate the MileagePlus Program at any time and without notice. United and its subsidiaries, affiliates and agents are not responsible for any products or services of other participating companies and partners. Taxes and fees related to award travel are the responsibility of the member. Bonus award miles, award miles and any other miles earned through non-flight activity do not count toward qualification for Premier status unless expressly stated otherwise. The accumulation of mileage or Premier status or any other status does not entitle members to any vested rights with respect to the MileagePlus Program. All calculations made in connection with the MileagePlus Program, including without limitation with respect to the accumulation of mileage and the satisfaction of the qualification requirements for Premier status, will be made by United Airlines and MileagePlus in their discretion and such calculations will be considered final. Information in this communication that relates to the MileagePlus Program does not purport to be complete or comprehensive and may not include all of the information that a member may believe is important, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to all of the information on the united.com website and the MileagePlus Program rules. United and MileagePlus are registered service marks. For complete details about the MileagePlus Program, go to united.com.
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. United MileagePlus credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    