SOUTHWEST® RAPID REWARDS® PROGRAM INFORMATION
                        
                        
                        The Southwest Rapid Rewards® Credit Card is brought to you by Southwest Airlines® and Chase. Southwest Airlines is responsible for the redemption of Rapid Rewards points toward benefits and services. The number of points needed for a particular Southwest® flight is set by Southwest and will vary depending on destination, time, day of travel, demand, fare type, point redemption rate, and other factors, and are subject to change at any time until the booking is confirmed. Rapid Rewards points can only be transferred to the primary Cardmember's Rapid Rewards account. All Rapid Rewards rules and regulations apply, please visit Southwest.com/rrterms. Southwest reserves the right to amend, suspend, or change the program and/or program rules at any time without notice. Rapid Rewards Members do not acquire property rights in accrued points.
                    
                    
                        
                            Bonus Points
                        
                        
                        The product is not available to either (i) current Cardmembers of any Southwest Rapid Rewards® Credit Card, or (ii) previous Cardmembers of any Southwest Rapid Rewards Credit Card who received a new Cardmember bonus within the last 24 months. This does not apply to Cardmembers of the Southwest Rapid Rewards Business Card and Employee Credit Card products. To qualify for your bonus points, you must make Purchases totaling $5,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. Please allow up to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your Rapid Rewards® account. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.
                    
                    
                        
                            Points don't expire, No blackout dates, Unlimited reward seats
                        
                        
                        Points don't expire: The points transferred to your Rapid Rewards® account won't expire as long as your card is open or you have flight-earning or partner-earning activity at least once every 24 months. If your card account is closed, the points in your Rapid Rewards account will expire if there isn't flight-earning or Southwest Airlines® partner-earning activity at least once every 24 months. No blackout dates and unlimited reward seats apply to flights booked with points.
                    
                    
                        
                            Earning Points
                        
                        
                        Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the Rapid Rewards® Performance Business card rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com.
        How you can earn points: You'll earn points when you, or an authorized user, use a Rapid Rewards® Credit Card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count as a purchase and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 3 points: You'll earn 3 points for each $1 spent on purchases made directly with Southwest Airlines®, including flight, inflight, Southwest® gift card, and Southwest Vacations® package purchases, and at participating Rapid Rewards® hotel and rental car partners. 2 points: You'll earn 2 points for each $1 spent on purchases in the following rewards categories: social media and search engine advertising; internet, cable, and phone services. 1 point: You'll earn 1 point for each $1 spent on all other purchases. 9,000 bonus points each account anniversary year: You'll receive 9,000 bonus points each account anniversary year. "Account anniversary year" means the year beginning with your account open date through the anniversary of your account open date, and each 12 months after that. 1,500 tier qualifying points: You'll earn 1,500 tier qualifying points (TQPs) for each $10,000 in purchases up to $100,000 in purchases annually which equal 15,000 TQP. TQPs can be used to count toward qualification for Rapid Rewards A-List or A-List Preferred status. "Annually" means the year beginning with your account open date through the first December statement date of that same year, and each 12 billing cycles starting after your December statement date through the following December statement date. Information about earning/transferring points to Southwest Airlines®: Points earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to Southwest Airlines after the end of each billing cycle. Points expiration: The points transferred to your Rapid Rewards account won't expire as long as your card account is open or you have flight-earning or Southwest Airlines partner-earning activity at least once every 24 months. If your card account is closed, the points in your Rapid Rewards account will expire if there isn't flight-earning or Southwest Airlines partner-earning activity at least once every 24 months. Losing points: You'll immediately lose all points that haven't been transferred to Southwest Airlines if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. Rewards Categories: Merchants who accept Visa/MasterCard credit cards are assigned a merchant code, which is determined by the merchant or its processor in accordance with Visa/MasterCard procedures based on the kinds of products and services they primarily sell. We group similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers to you. Please note: We make every effort to include all relevant merchant codes in our rewards categories. However, even though a merchant or some of the items that it sells may appear to fit within a rewards category, the merchant may not have a merchant code in that category. When this occurs, purchases with that merchant won't qualify for rewards offers on purchases in that category. Purchases submitted by you, an authorized user, or the merchant through third-party payment accounts, mobile or wireless card readers, online or mobile digital wallets, or similar technology will not qualify in a rewards category if the technology is not set up to process the purchase in that rewards category. For more information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs.
                    
                    
                        
                            Southwest Upgraded Boardings
                        
                        
                        Each anniversary year you will be reimbursed for the purchase of up to 4 Upgraded Boardings which are positions A1-A15. Upgraded Boardings may be purchased at the departure gate or ticket counter on the day of travel only, when available. Price of Upgraded Boardings is based on your itinerary. Anniversary year means the year beginning with your account open date through the first statement date after your account open date anniversary, and the 12 monthly billing cycles after that each year. Eligibility for Upgraded Boardings are for accounts that switch to this product: Account open date is the date the switch is official in the Chase system. After you make your purchase with your Southwest Rapid Rewards® Performance Business Card, you will receive a statement credit for the price of the Upgraded Boardings. Statement credit and purchase of Upgraded Boardings may not post on the same statement; please allow up to 8 weeks for the statement credit(s) to post to your account. You may purchase all 4 Upgraded Boardings at one time or on separate flights; you will only be reimbursed via statement credit for the first four Upgraded Boardings you purchase on the overall business card account during your anniversary year. Account must be open and not in default at the time the statement credit is posted to your account.
                    
                    
                        
                            Global Entry or TSA Precheck Application Fee Statement Credit
                        
                        
                        To be eligible for this statement credit you must use your Southwest Rapid Rewards® Performance Business Card to either complete the Global Entry application and pay the $100 application fee, or complete the TSA Precheck application and pay the $85 application fee. A statement credit will be processed after the Global Entry program application fee OR TSA Precheck application fee (whichever program is applied for first on the overall business card account) is charged to your Southwest Rapid Rewards Performance Business Card. You are entitled to either: one (1) $100 statement credit, OR one (1) $85 statement credit, every 4 years in connection with the Global Entry or TSA Precheck program application fee. The statement credit will be posted to your account within 24 hours of the Global Entry or TSA Precheck program application fee being posted to your account. You are responsible for payment of all charges until the statement credit posts to the account. Global Entry is a U.S. Government program, operated by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP). TSA Precheck is a U.S. Government program, operated by the U.S. Transportation Security Administration (TSA). Chase has no control over either program including, but not limited to, applications, approval process or enrollment, or fees charged by CBP or TSA, and no liability regarding the Global Entry or TSA Precheck programs. For complete details on the Global Entry program, including full terms and conditions, go to ttp.cbp.dhs.gov. For complete details on the TSA Precheck program, including full terms and conditions, go to tsa.gov. Websites and other information provided by government agencies are not within Chase's control and may not be available in Spanish. The statement credit benefit applies to the Global Entry or TSA Precheck programs only. Other program applications including, but not limited to, NEXUS, SENTRI, and Privium are not eligible for the statement credit benefit. To be eligible for this benefit, your account must be open and not in default at the time of statement credit fulfillment.The TSA Precheck trademark is used with the permission of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.
                    
                    
                        
                            Inflight WiFi Credits on Southwest Airlines Flights
                        
                        
                        You will receive Inflight WiFi Credits in the form of credit card statement credits for purchases of WiFi access made on WiFi-enabled Southwest® aircraft with your Southwest Rapid Rewards® Performance Business Card. Inflight WiFi Credits are limited to a total of 365 $8 credits per year for all WiFi transactions on the overall business card account. You will not receive a credit for any unused portion of the annual benefit. Statement credit(s) will post to your credit card account the same day as your purchase(s) and will appear on your monthly credit card billing statement within 1-2 billing cycles. Account must be open and not in default at the time the statement credit is posted to your account. WiFi may not be available on all flights or for the full duration of a flight. In order to provide a top-notch WiFi experience Southwest prohibits access to certain high-bandwidth applications and websites. Southwest also prohibits access to certain obscene or offensive content.
                    
                    
                        
                            Adding an Authorized User
                        
                        
                        If any employees are allowed to use the account, they will be authorized users and will have equal charging privileges unless individual spending limits are established for them. You, as the Authorizing Officer, together with the company are responsible for any use of the account by you, an authorized user or anyone else permitted to use the account. You, together with company, are responsible for repaying all balances on the account. All correspondence, including statements and notifications, will be sent to you as the Authorizing Officer. By requesting to add an employee cardholder to the account, you represent all information provided is accurate and is for persons with which the company has a relationship. You also represent that company has permission to provide the employee information to Chase and to add the employee as a cardholder. If Chase determines any information provided is fraudulent, Chase has the right to close the account.
          The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.
          Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Southwest Rapid Rewards® Credit Cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC.
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                