Pricing &amp; Terms        Please take a moment to carefully review the Pricing 
&amp; Terms below. Pricing InformationInterest Rates and Interest ChargesPurchas
e Annual Percentage Rate (APR)17.49%. This APR will vary with the market based o
n the Prime Rate.a0% Promo APR for the first six months following the purchase d
ate on select Disney vacation packages or purchase of a real estate interest, in
cluding a Member Add On, in a Disney Vacation Club® Resort, provided your accoun
t is not past due on the purchase date.c After that, 17.49%. This APR will vary 
with the market based on the Prime Rate.aBalance Transfer APR17.49%. This APR wi
ll vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.aCash Advance APR26.49%. This AP
R will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.bHow to Avoid Paying Interes
t on PurchasesYour due date will be a minimum of 21 days after the close of each
 billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your ent
ire balance by the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on balan
ce transfers and cash advances on the transaction date.Minimum Interest ChargeNo
neCredit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more ab
out factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the webs
ite of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.go
v/learnmore.FeesAnnual Membership Fee$49Transaction FeesBalance TransfersEither 
$5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvancesEithe
r $10 or 3% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater. Foreign Tra
nsactions3% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.Penalty FeesLate PaymentUp to $1
5 if the balance is less than $100; up to $27 if the balance is $100 to less tha
n $250; up to $37 if the balance is $250 or more.Over-the-Credit-LimitNoneReturn
 PaymentUp to $37.Return CheckNoneNote: This account may not be eligible for bal
ance transfers.How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use the daily balance meth
od (including new transactions). Prime Rate: Variable APRs are based on the 4.75
% Prime Rate as of 3/27/2018.aWe add 12.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the P
urchase/Balance Transfer APR. Maximum APR 29.99%. bWe add 21.74% to the Prime Ra
te to determine the Cash Advance APR. Maximum APR 29.99%. cCertain restrictions 
and exclusions apply. You will receive complete terms and conditions once you be
come a cardmember.MILITARY LENDING ACT NOTICE: Federal law provides important pr
otections to members of the Armed Forces and their dependents relating to extens
ions of consumer credit. In general, the cost of consumer credit to a member of 
the Armed Forces and his or her dependent may not exceed an annual percentage ra
te of 36 percent. This rate must include, as applicable to the credit transactio
n or account: the costs associated with credit insurance premiums; fees for anci
llary products sold in connection with the credit transaction; any application f
ee charged (other than certain application fees for specified credit transaction
s or accounts); and any participation fee charged (other than certain participat
ion fees for a credit card account). To receive this information and a descripti
on of your payment obligation verbally, please call 1-800-235-9978.TERMS &amp; C
ONDITIONSAuthorization: When you respond to this credit card offer from Chase Ba
nk USA, N.A., a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. ("Chase", "we", or "us"),
 you agree to the following:You authorize us to obtain credit bureau reports tha
t we will use when considering your application for credit. You also authorize u
s to obtain credit bureau reports and any other information about you in connect
ion with: 1) extensions of credit on your account; 2) the administration, review
 or collection of your account; and 3) offering you enhanced or additional produ
cts and services. If you ask, we will tell you the name and address of the credi
t bureau from which we obtained a report about you.If an account is opened, you 
will receive a Cardmember Agreement and Terms and Conditions of the Disney Rewar
ds Program with your card(s). You agree to the terms of the Cardmember Agreement
 and the Terms and Conditions of the Disney Rewards Program by: using the accoun
t or any card, authorizing their use, or making any payment on the account.When 
you give us your mobile phone number, we have your permission to contact you at 
that number about all your Chase or J.P. Morgan accounts. Your consent allows us
 to use text messaging, artificial or prerecorded voice messages and automatic d
ialing technology for informational and account service calls, but not for telem
arketing or sales calls. It may include contact from companies working on our be
half to service your accounts. Message and data rates may apply. You may contact
 us anytime to change these preferences.Balance transfers will be applied to you
r account and sent to your designated payee(s) 10 days after we mail your new cr
edit card. If you want to cancel or modify your balance transfer within this ten
-day period and have received your credit card, please call the number on the ba
ck of your card. Otherwise, please call 1-800-300-8575. Please continue to make 
payments to your other account(s) until you know the balance has been paid.Rates
, fees, and terms may change: We have the right to change the account terms (inc
luding the APRs) in accordance with your Cardmember Agreement.Before we approve 
you for a credit card, we will review your credit report and the information you
 provide with your response to confirm that you meet the criteria for this offer
. Based on this review, you may receive a Signature card, a Platinum card with d
ifferent benefits, or you may not receive a card. If approved for a Signature ac
count, your credit access line will be at least $5000. If approved for a Platinu
m account, your credit limit will be at least $500. You must be at least 18 year
s old to qualify (19 in AL and NE, 21 in Puerto Rico). An applicant, if married,
 may apply for a separate account.Signature services are available only to Signa
ture cardmembers. We reserve the right to change the benefit features associated
 with your card at any time.New York Residents: New York residents may contact t
he New York State Department of Financial Services at 1-800-342-3736 or go to ww
w.dfs.ny.gov to obtain a comparative list of credit card rates, fees, and grace 
periods.Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all cr
editors make credit equally available to all customers, and that credit reportin
g agencies maintain separate histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio
 Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with the law.Notice to Married W
isconsin Residents: No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral s
tatement or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy
 of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we h
ave actual knowledge of the adverse obligation. All obligations on this account 
will be incurred in the interest of your marriage or family. You understand that
 we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse. Married Wisco
nsin residents must furnish their (the applicant's) name and social security num
ber as well as the name and address of their spouse to Cardmember Service at P.O
. Box 15366, Wilmington, DE 19850-5366.Balance Transfer OptionBalance transfers 
are contingent upon issuance of your account with us.The total amount of your re
quest(s) including fees and interest charges cannot exceed your available credit
 or $15,000, whichever is lower.We will not process any balance transfer request
s that are from any other account or loan that we (Chase Bank USA, N.A.) or any 
of our affiliates issued.Balance transfers are subject to the transaction fee sh
own in the enclosed "Pricing Information."We will evaluate your balance transfer
 requests in the order listed on your response. If your request(s) exceeds the a
mount that we approve, we may either decline the request or send less than the f
ull amount requested to your designated payee.Each transfer will reduce your ava
ilable credit just like any other transaction. You will see a payment for the am
ount transferred on the statement from your other accounts. It may take up to th
ree weeks to set up your new account with us and process the balance transfer(s)
, so you may still need to make payments to your other accounts to keep them cur
rent.Affiliate Information Sharing: We and our affiliates may share information 
about you among affiliates in order to offer products and services of interest t
o you. If you would prefer that we do not share information from your applicatio
n, credit bureaus or third parties, please call us at 1-888-868-8618. For more i
nformation about our information handling policies, visit us on the web at http:
//www.chase.com/privacypolicy.Replying to this offer: If you omit any informatio
n on the form, we may deny your request for an account. Chase cardmembers who cu
rrently have or have had a Chase credit card in any Rewards Program associated w
ith this offer, may not be eligible for a second Chase credit card in the same R
ewards Program. Chase cardmembers currently receiving promotional pricing, or Ch
ase cardmembers with a history of only using their current or prior Chase card f
or promotional pricing offers, are not eligible for a second Chase credit card w
ith promotional pricing. You must have a valid permanent home address within the
 50 United States, District of Columbia, United States territories or a United S
tates military address. The information about the costs of the card described in
 this form is accurate as of 3/27/2018. This information may have changed after 
that date. To find out what may have changed, write to us at Cardmember Service,
 P.O. Box 15043, Wilmington, DE 19850-5043.USA PATRIOT Act: Please note: Federal
 law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record informati
on that identifies each person who opens an Account such as your name, address, 
date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may 
also ask for other identifying documents.   © 2018 JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.