Pricing &amp; Terms        Please take a moment to carefully review the Pricing 
&amp; Terms below. Pricing InformationInterest Rates and Interest ChargesPurchas
e Annual Percentage Rate (APR)17.74% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness. 
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.aBalance Transfer A
PR17.74% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness. These APRs will vary with th
e market based on the Prime Rate.aCash Advance APR26.49%. This APR will vary wit
h the market based on the Prime Rate.bHow to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesY
our due date will be a minimum of 25 days after the close of each billing cycle.
 We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by 
the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on balance transfers an
d cash advances on the transaction date.Minimum Interest ChargeNoneCredit Card T
ips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to 
consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Cons
umer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.Fee
sAnnual Membership FeeNoneTransaction FeesBalance TransfersEither $5 or 3% of th
e amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvancesEither $10 or 5% of
 the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater. Foreign Transactions3% of
 each transaction in U.S. dollars.Penalty FeesLate PaymentUp to $15 if the balan
ce is less than $750; up to $35 if the balance is $750 or more.Over-the-Credit-L
imitNoneReturn PaymentUp to $35.Return CheckNoneNote: This account may not be el
igible for balance transfers.How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use the dail
y balance method (including new transactions). Prime Rate: Variable APRs are bas
ed on the 4.75% Prime Rate as of 3/27/2018.aWe add 12.99% to 19.74% to the Prime
 Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR. Maximum APR 29.99%. bWe ad
d 21.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advance APR. Maximum APR 29.99%
. MILITARY LENDING ACT NOTICE: Federal law provides important protections to mem
bers of the Armed Forces and their dependents relating to extensions of consumer
 credit. In general, the cost of consumer credit to a member of the Armed Forces
 and his or her dependent may not exceed an annual percentage rate of 36 percent
. This rate must include, as applicable to the credit transaction or account: th
e costs associated with credit insurance premiums; fees for ancillary products s
old in connection with the credit transaction; any application fee charged (othe
r than certain application fees for specified credit transactions or accounts); 
and any participation fee charged (other than certain participation fees for a c
redit card account). To receive this information and a description of your payme
nt obligation verbally, please call 1-800-235-9978.TERMS &amp; CONDITIONSAuthori
zation: When you respond to this credit card offer from Chase Bank USA, N.A., a 
subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. ("Chase", "we", or "us"), you agree to th
e following:You authorize us to obtain credit bureau reports that we will use wh
en considering your application for credit. You also authorize us to obtain cred
it bureau reports and any other information about you in connection with: 1) ext
ensions of credit on your account; 2) the administration, review or collection o
f your account; and 3) offering you enhanced or additional products and services
. If you ask, we will tell you the name and address of the credit bureau from wh
ich we obtained a report about you.If an account is opened, you will receive a C
ardmember Agreement with your card(s). You agree to the terms of this agreement 
by: using the account or any card, authorizing their use, or making any payment 
on the account.When you give us your mobile phone number, we have your permissio
n to contact you at that number about all your Chase or J.P. Morgan accounts. Yo
ur consent allows us to use text messaging, artificial or prerecorded voice mess
ages and automatic dialing technology for informational and account service call
s, but not for telemarketing or sales calls. It may include contact from compani
es working on our behalf to service your accounts. Message and data rates may ap
ply. You may contact us anytime to change these preferences.Balance transfers wi
ll be applied to your account and sent to your designated payee(s) 10 days after
 we mail your new credit card. If you want to cancel or modify your balance tran
sfer within this ten-day period and have received your credit card, please call 
the number on the back of your card. Otherwise, please call 1-888-338-9464. Plea
se continue to make payments to your other account(s) until you know the balance
 has been paid.Rates, fees, and terms may change: We have the right to change th
e account terms (including the APRs) in accordance with your Cardmember Agreemen
t.Before we approve you for a credit card, we will review your credit report and
 the information you provide with your response to confirm that you meet the cri
teria for this offer. Based on this review, you may receive a Signature or Plati
num card with different costs and/or benefits, or you may not receive a card. If
 approved for a Signature account, your credit access line will be at least $500
0. If approved for a Platinum account, your credit limit will be at least $500. 
You must be at least 18 years old to qualify (19 in AL and NE, 21 in Puerto Rico
). An applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.Signature services
 are available only to Signature cardmembers. We reserve the right to change the
 benefit features associated with your card at any time.New York Residents: New 
York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services a
t 1-800-342-3736 or go to www.dfs.ny.gov to obtain a comparative list of credit 
card rates, fees, and grace periods.Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discri
mination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all custome
rs, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate histories on each indiv
idual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with
 the law.Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marital prop
erty agreement, unilateral statement or court decree adversely affects our right
s, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before 
we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of the adverse obligation. All 
obligations on this account will be incurred in the interest of your marriage or
 family. You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account t
o your spouse. Married Wisconsin residents must furnish their (the applicant's) 
name and social security number as well as the name and address of their spouse 
to Cardmember Service at P.O. Box 15366, Wilmington, DE 19850-5366.Balance Trans
fer OptionBalance transfers are contingent upon issuance of your account with us
.The total amount of your request(s) including fees and interest charges cannot 
exceed your available credit or $15,000, whichever is lower.We will not process 
any balance transfer requests that are from any other account or loan that we (C
hase Bank USA, N.A.) or any of our affiliates issued.Balance transfers are subje
ct to the transaction fee shown in the enclosed "Pricing Information."We will ev
aluate your balance transfer requests in the order listed on your response. If y
our request(s) exceeds the amount that we approve, we may either decline the req
uest or send less than the full amount requested to your designated payee.Each t
ransfer will reduce your available credit just like any other transaction. You w
ill see a payment for the amount transferred on the statement from your other ac
counts. It may take up to three weeks to set up your new account with us and pro
cess the balance transfer(s), so you may still need to make payments to your oth
er accounts to keep them current.Replying to this offer: If you omit any informa
tion on the form, we may deny your request for an account. Chase cardmembers who
 currently have or have had a Chase credit card in any Rewards Program associate
d with this offer, may not be eligible for a second Chase credit card in the sam
e Rewards Program. Chase cardmembers currently receiving promotional pricing, or
 Chase cardmembers with a history of only using their current or prior Chase car
d for promotional pricing offers, are not eligible for a second Chase credit car
d with promotional pricing. You must have a valid permanent home address within 
the 50 United States, District of Columbia, United States territories or a Unite
d States military address. The information about the costs of the card described
 in this form is accurate as of 3/27/2018. This information may have changed aft
er that date. To find out what may have changed, write to us at Cardmember Servi
ce, P.O. Box 15043, Wilmington, DE 19850-5043.USA PATRIOT Act: Please note: Fede
ral law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record inform
ation that identifies each person who opens an Account such as your name, addres
s, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We m
ay also ask for other identifying documents.   © 2018 JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.