                                                                                
                                                        2,500 Stars after you sp
end $500 on purchases in the first 3 months from account opening                
                                                        This product is not avai
lable to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous ca
rdmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credi
t card within the last 24 months. You will receive 2,500 Stars with this bonus o
ffer. To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $500 o
r more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not inclu
de balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money o
rders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino
 gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks tha
t access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of
 any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please all
ow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus Stars to post to your account. To be eligible for this
 bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment
.                                                                               
             Earning Stars                                                      
                  Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the Star
bucks Rewards Visa credit card rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program 
Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is esta
blished. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement w
ill also be available after logging in to chase.com.          How you can earn S
tars: You'll earn Stars when you, or an authorized user, use a Starbucks Rewards
™ Visa Card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds
. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a pu
rchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn 
Stars: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lotter
y tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transaction
s, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent cha
rges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1 Star when 
loading funds to your Starbucks Card: You'll earn 1 Star for each $1 spent using
 the Starbucks Rewards Visa Card to load funds to your registered Starbucks Card
 through the Starbucks mobile app or at starbucks.com/card 1 Star for each $4 sp
ent on all other purchases: You'll earn 1 Star for each $4 spent using the Starb
ucks Rewards Visa Card on all other purchases, including funds loaded to your re
gistered Starbucks Card at a Starbucks retail store. "Starbucks Card" means phys
ical Starbucks branded stored value cards available for sale from participating 
Starbucks locations and other retail locations; digital forms of the physical ca
rds available through the Starbucks mobile app; or Starbucks Card eGifts that ca
n be purchased at starbucks.com/shop/card/egift and allow you to load a dollar v
alue for use at participating Starbucks locations. The dollar value you load ont
o your Starbucks Card is a prepayment for the goods and services of participatin
g Starbucks locations. "Participating Starbucks locations" means all Starbucks l
ocations that honor Starbucks Rewards. For stores that honor Starbucks Rewards, 
locate a store at starbucks.com and look for stores that list "Digital Rewards" 
as one of their amenities. Information about earning/transferring Stars to Starb
ucks: Stars earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to S
tarbucks after the end of each billing cycle. Star expiration: The Stars earned 
in this Starbucks Rewards Visa Card rewards program that are transferred to your
 Starbucks Rewards Program account expire six (6) months after the calendar mont
h in which they were earned. The Starbucks Rewards Program terms of use are avai
lable online at starbucks.com/card/rewards/rewards-program-ts-and-cs. Losing Sta
rs: You'll immediately lose all Stars that haven't been transferred to Starbucks
 if your Starbucks Rewards Visa Card account status changes, or your Starbucks R
ewards Visa Card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, fa
ilure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards
 Program Agreement.                                                             
                               Participating Stores Only                        
                                                At participating Starbucks® stor
es. Some restrictions apply. See Starbucks.com/terms for details.               
                                                                             Whe
re to Earn Stars                                                                
        Stars are only awarded at Starbucks-owned locations. Not all stores have
 the ability to award Stars or honor Rewards at this time.                      
                                                                      Barista Pi
cks                                                                        As a 
Starbucks Rewards Visa cardmember, you will receive eight (8) complimentary food
 or beverage items ("Barista Picks") as described below in each twelve (12) mont
h period beginning 45 days following the opening of your account.          Each 
Barista Pick is available as a coupon automatically loaded to your Starbucks Rew
ards account which may be redeemed for one (1) complimentary item at a participa
ting Starbucks store as described in the terms of the applicable Barista Pick co
upon. Substitutions and customizations are not allowed unless specifically permi
tted by the Barista Pick coupon. Barista Picks cannot be redeemed for cash or St
ars.          Each Barista Pick expires 30 days after it has been loaded onto yo
ur Starbucks Rewards account. If you have provided us with a current, valid emai
l address, you will receive an emailed notice that the Barista Pick has been loa
ded to your account. One Barista Pick will be loaded approximately once every si
x (6) weeks.          You must present your registered Starbucks Card to the bar
ista at a participating Starbucks store in order to redeem your Barista Pick. Th
e Barista Pick benefit will be awarded as a single coupon valid for one-time use
, regardless of the number of authorized user cards associated with your Starbuc
ks Rewards Visa account.                                                        
                                    Gold Status                                 
                                       Your Starbucks Rewards Visa card account 
qualifies you for Starbucks Rewards Gold Level status for as long as your credit
 card account is open. You will lose Gold Level status if your credit card accou
nt is closed and you do not otherwise qualify for Gold Level under the Starbucks
 Rewards™ Terms of Use.                                                         
                                   Starbucks Rewards Benefits                   
                                                     For questions related to St
arbucks Rewards visit https://customerservice.starbucks.com/You must be at least
 18 years old to qualify (19 in AL and NE) for a Starbucks Rewards Visa Card.Sta
rbucks and the Starbucks logo are registered trademarks of Starbucks Corporation
. All rights reserved.Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limi
tations apply. Starbucks Rewards credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A.
 Offer subject to change.                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                 