                                                                                
                                                        Eligibility             
                                                           To be eligible for a 
Disney Visa Credit Card you must have a valid permanent home address within the 
50 United States or the District of Columbia. Accounts subject to credit approva
l. Restrictions and limitations apply. Disney Visa Credit Cards are issued by Ch
ase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.                                     
                                                       $200 Statement Credit    
                                                                    This product
 is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii)
 previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus fo
r this credit card within the last 24 months. You must apply using the applicati
on link on this page to be eligible for this offer. In some instances, an applic
ation may require additional time to process. To qualify and receive your $200 s
tatement credit, you must make Purchases totaling $500 or more during the first 
3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, ca
sh advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or
 similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race trac
k wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, i
nterest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an 
annual fee, if applicable.) To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be
 open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. After qualifying, please al
low up to 8 weeks for your credit to appear in your statement.                  
                                                                          Earn D
isney Rewards Dollars                                                           
             Subject to credit approval. You will earn one percent (1%) in Disne
y Rewards Dollars for every dollar in Qualifying Purchases. You will earn an add
itional one percent (1%) in Disney Rewards Dollars for every dollar of Qualifyin
g Purchases made at (i) Disney locations that are solely owned and operated by D
isney and (ii) at any of the following types of merchants: restaurants, grocery 
stores and gas stations (for a total of 2% on these purchases). Merchants who ac
cept Visa credit cards are assigned a merchant code, which is determined by the 
merchant or its processor in accordance with Visa procedures based on the kinds 
of products and services they primarily sell. Chase groups similar merchant code
s into categories for purposes of making rewards offers to you. Please note: Cha
se makes every effort to include all relevant merchant codes in its rewards cate
gories. However, even though a merchant or some of the items that it sells may a
ppear to fit within a rewards category, the merchant may not have a merchant cod
e in that category. When this occurs, purchases with that merchant and the purch
ases of Disney goods or services at locations that are not solely owned and oper
ated by Disney will not qualify for the additional one percent in Disney Rewards
 Dollars. Purchases submitted by you, an authorized user, or the merchant throug
h third-party payment accounts, mobile or wireless card readers, online or mobil
e digital wallets, or similar technology will not qualify in a rewards category 
if the technology is not set up to process the purchase in that rewards category
. For more information, see the FAQs at DisneyRewards.com/PremierEarnFAQ. ("Qual
ifying Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers che
cks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transac
tions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar bettin
g transactions, any checks that access your Card Account, interest, unauthorized
 or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applica
ble.) Additional terms and conditions that apply to Disney Rewards Dollars will 
be provided to you with your Disney Premier Visa Card once you become a cardmemb
er.                                                                             
               Airline Statement Credit                                         
                               Disney Rewards Dollars may be redeemed for a stat
ement credit towards airline ticket purchases made with your Disney Premier Visa
 Credit Card within 60 days before the redemption request date, where permitted 
by law. Disney Rewards Dollars cannot be redeemed for an airline statement credi
t using a Disney Rewards Redemption Card. Redemptions start at 50 Disney Rewards
 Dollars for a $50 airline statement credit toward tickets on any airline to any
 destination. Each additional Disney Rewards Dollar is redeemable for a $1 state
ment credit. Subsequent purchases after redemption must meet the $50 minimum to 
qualify for a subsequent airline statement credit redemption. Airline statement 
credits will post to the card account within 5-7 business days of a request to r
edeem and will appear on the monthly Chase credit card billing statement within 
1-2 billing cycles. Until the credit posts, we recommend you pay the full amount
 of the airline ticket charge on your credit card bill to avoid finance charges.
 Disney and Chase reserve the right to determine which Disney Premier Visa Card 
purchases qualify for an airline statement credit.                              
                                                              Disney Theme Park 
&amp; Resort Perks                                                              
          Offers and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating
 locations, are subject to availability and additional restrictions, and may cha
nge or be canceled without notice. Must use a valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disn
ey Rewards Redemption Card to receive special offers. Merchandise discount may n
ot be available for certain items and at certain locations including Disneyland®
 Resort and Walt Disney World® Resort Operating Participant locations and any ot
her locations or kiosks that are not owned or operated by the owners of the Disn
eyland® Resort or Walt Disney World® Resort. To receive a merchandise discount, 
you must mention the specific offer. For entry into the Disney Character or Star
 Wars™ Character Experience Photo Opportunities, must present your valid Disney 
Visa Credit Card. Not valid in combination with other offers, discounts, promoti
ons or with any previous purchase. Minimum purchase and/or separate admission ma
y be required. Offers are for personal use only and may not be transferred or re
sold. Chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of these Disney Theme P
ark and Resort perks.                                                           
                                 Character Experience                           
                                             The Disneyland® Resort Character Ex
perience Photo Opportunities are offered daily during set hours–the Disney Chara
cter Experience is at Disney California Adventure® Park and the Star Wars™ Chara
cter Experience is at Disneyland® Park. The Walt Disney World® Resort Character 
Experience Photo Opportunities are offered daily during set hours–the Disney Cha
racter Experience is at Epcot® and the Star Wars™ Character Experience is at Dis
ney's Hollywood Studios®. Separate Theme Park admission required for each Charac
ter Experience Opportunity. Must present a valid Disney Visa Credit Card for ent
ry for up to 6 people per cardmember account (each cardmember account may be use
d for entry only one time per day). Operating times, days of the week, locations
 and appearance of Characters may vary and are subject to restrictions and chang
e or cancellation without notice. Offer includes complimentary downloads of your
 Disney PhotoPass® photos taken at the Disney Visa Character Experience location
 that are associated to your Disney account. To access complimentary downloads o
f your Disney PhotoPass® photos taken at the Disney Visa Character Experience lo
cation at the Disneyland® Resort, go to Disneyland.com/photopass or at the locat
ion at Walt Disney World® Resort, go to MyDisneyPhotoPass.com and then log-in us
ing your existing account or create an account. MagicBands or other medium scann
ed by the photographer at the time of capture must be linked to your My Disney E
xperience Profile at Walt Disney World® Resort or linked to your Disneyland® Res
ort account, or you may claim PhotoPass cards provided to you by the photographe
r by entering the PhotoPass ID number found on the back of your PhotoPass card. 
One photo session per valid cardmember account per day. Offer not valid for phot
os taken at other Disney PhotoPass® locations or attractions photos. Photos will
 expire pursuant to the expiration policy at Disneyland.disney.go.com/photopass-
expiration-policy or MyDisneyPhotoPass.disney.go.com/help-and-support, as applic
able. Not responsible for missing, lost or damaged photos. Not valid in combinat
ion with other offers, discounts or promotions. Offer is for personal use only a
nd may not be transferred or resold. Please visit DisneyRewards.com/ParkPerks fo
r additional information.                                                       
                                     Merchandise Savings at Disney Theme Parks &
amp; Resorts                                                                    
    A $50 minimum pre-tax single transaction merchandise purchase is required to
 receive discount. Must use your valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Re
demption Card as payment form and mention this offer. Discount is not valid on p
revious purchases or on purchases of ticket media, gift certificates, Disney Gif
t Cards, Park Admission, Arcades, tobacco, alcohol, Outdoor Vending (e.g., in-Pa
rk balloon vendors, glow vendors), Add-a-Dollar (Wildlife Conservation Fund), po
stage stamps, rentals (e.g., strollers, ECV), personalization including D-Tech M
e figures, Disney PhotoPass® online purchases, PhotoPass+ and Memory Maker, fram
ed Disney Dollars, Artist Sketch Program, original or consignment art, select li
mited editions, select specialty items, purchase-with-purchase offers, newspaper
s/periodicals, books, videos, DVDs, CDs, sundries, pantry/prepared foods, digita
l/video/disposable cameras, film, consumer electronics, National branded fragran
ces, treatments and cosmetics, Swarovski® Crystal, select collectibles, handmade
 items, special orders, Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique and Pirate League packages (at 
Walt Disney World® Resort), phone, email or mail order purchases, shipping or ta
xes or Authentic Hawaiian Collectibles. Discount does not apply at the following
 locations at the Disneyland® Resort: Midway Games, Fairytale Arts, Jewel of Orl
eans, Silhouette Studio, Portrait Artists, Parasol Cart, Crystal Shops (Crystal 
Arts and Cristal d'Orleans), face painting locations, or at any Downtown Disney®
 District location other than World of Disney® Store, D Street, Disney Vault 28,
 WonderGround Gallery, Marceline's Confectionery, Disney's Pin Traders and Anna 
&amp; Elsa's Boutique. Discount is not available at Cast Connection, Disney's Ch
aracter Premiere, Disney's Character Warehouse or Walt Disney World® Resort Oper
ating Participant locations and any other locations or kiosks that are not owned
 or operated by the owners of the Walt Disney World® Resort, except for Basin®, 
Basin White®, Chapel Hats (store and kiosk), Good Fortune Gifts and House of Goo
d Fortune, kidsHeritage, Luxury of Time, Marrakesh Emporium Arts &amp; Crafts, J
offrey's coffee/tea kiosks and Tea Traders Café by Joffrey's, Sperry and Volcom.
 Offer and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating locations
 and items, are subject to availability and additional restrictions, and may cha
nge or be canceled without notice. Not valid in combination with other offers, d
iscounts or promotions. Separate admission may be required. Discount is for pers
onal use only and may not be transferred or used to purchase merchandise with th
e intent to resell the merchandise.                                             
                                               Dining Savings at Disney Parks &a
mp; Resorts                                                                     
   Offer excludes alcoholic beverages, merchandise, tobacco, room service, holid
ay buffets, tax and gratuity. Must use your valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney
 Rewards Redemption Card at time of purchase. Discount valid at the following re
staurant locations: Walt Disney World® Resort–Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge &amp
; Villas: Boma - Flavors of Africa, Jiko - The Cooking Place (see restrictions),
 and Sanaa; Disney's BoardWalk Inn &amp; Villas: ESPN Sports Club and Flying Fis
h (see restrictions); Disney's Contemporary Resort: The Wave...of American Flavo
rs; Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort &amp; Campground: Trail's End Restaurant; Di
sney's Grand Floridian Resort &amp; Spa: Citricos (see restrictions), Grand Flor
idian Cafe, and Narcoossee's; Disney's Old Key West Resort: Olivia's Cafe; Disne
y's Polynesian Village Resort: Kona Cafe; Disney's Port Orleans Resort: Boatwrig
ht's Dining Hall; Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort &amp; Spa: The Turf Club Bar 
and Grill; Disney's Wilderness Lodge: Artist Point (see restrictions) and Whispe
ring Canyon Cafe; Disney's Yacht Club Resort: Captain's Grille and Cape May Cafe
; Disney's Hollywood Studios®: The Hollywood Brown Derby (see restrictions) and 
Hollywood &amp; Vine (see restrictions); Epcot®: Biergarten Restaurant (see rest
rictions), Coral Reef Restaurant (lunch only), Le Cellier Steakhouse (lunch only
), and Rose &amp; Crown Dining Room (lunch only); and ESPN Wide World of Sports 
Complex: ESPN Wide World of Sports Grill. For locations where it is noted to see
 restrictions, the discount does not apply to the following dates: 11/23/17, 12/
24/17, 12/25/17, 12/31/17, 1/1/18, 2/14/18, 4/1/18, 5/13/18 and 7/4/18. The Disn
eyland® Resort–Disneyland® Park: French Market and River Belle Terrace; Disney C
alifornia Adventure® Park: Cocina Cucamonga Mexican Grill, Wine Country Trattori
a, and Paradise Garden Grill; Disneyland® Resort Hotels: Steakhouse 55, Disney's
 PCH Grill and Storytellers Café. Disney's Vero Beach Resort: Shutters. Subject 
to restaurant operating hours and closures. Offer and offer elements including, 
but not limited to, participating locations, are subject to availability and add
itional restrictions, and may change or be canceled without notice. Not valid in
 combination with other offers, discounts or promotions. Separate admission may 
be required. Discount is for personal use only and may not be transferred or res
old.                                                                            
                Guided Tour Savings at Disney Parks                             
                                           Must use your valid Disney Visa Card 
and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card at time of purchase. Most guided tours req
uire separate Theme Park admission. Cardmember must participate in the guided to
ur or recreation experiences. Guided tours and recreation experiences can be boo
ked for up to 10 total Guests (inclusive of the cardmember). Some guided tours a
nd recreation experiences have age and other restrictions. Offers and offer elem
ents including, but not limited to, participating guided tours and recreation ex
periences, are subject to availability and additional restrictions, and may chan
ge or be canceled without notice. Not valid in combination with other offers, di
scounts, promotions or with any previous purchase. Guided tour and recreation ex
perience reservations are for personal use only and may not be transferred or re
sold.                Following is a list of guided tours that are included at th
e Disneyland® Resort:                Walk in Walt's Disneyland® Footsteps (Guide
d Tour)                Disney's Happiest Haunts Tour (offered seasonally)       
         "Holiday Time at Disneyland®" Tour (offered seasonally)                
                Following is a list of guided tours that are included at Walt Di
sney World® Resort:                        Magic Kingdom® Park                Di
sney's Family Magic Tour                Disney's Keys to the Kingdom Tour       
         Disney's The Magic Behind Our Steam Trains Tour                Walt Dis
ney: Marceline to Magic Kingdom® Tour                        Epcot®             
   Gardens of the World (offered seasonally)                The UnDISCOVERed Fut
ure World Tour                Epcot® Seas Adventures – Dolphins in Depth        
        Epcot® Seas Adventures – Aqua Tours                Epcot® Seas Adventure
s – DiveQuest                Behind the Seeds                World Showcase: Des
tiNations Discovered                                        Disney's Animal King
dom® Theme Park                Backstage Tales                        Multiple T
heme Parks, Backstage Areas and Resort Hotels                Ultimate Day of Thr
ills VIP Tour                Ultimate Day for Young Families VIP Tour           
     Ultimate Day at Epcot® International Food &amp; Wine Festival              
  Backstage Magic                Disney's Holiday D-Lights Tour (offered seasona
lly)                Disney's Yuletide Fantasy (offered seasonally)              
  Wilderness Back Trail Adventure                                               
                                             Special Vacation Financing         
                                                               Get special vacat
ion financing on select Disney Resort packages, all Adventures by Disney® packag
es, all Aulani, A Disney Resort &amp; Spa, Ko Olina, Hawai‘i vacation packages, 
and all Disney Cruise Line packages (collectively, Disney Vacation Packages). Di
sney Vacation Packages must be booked by you or your travel agent through the Wa
lt Disney Travel Company, Disney Cruise Line or Adventures by Disney Travel Serv
ices, Inc. and charged to your Disney Visa Credit Card prior to commencement of 
your vacation. Other restrictions and exclusions apply. Please refer to the Pric
ing &amp; Terms for pricing details. You will receive complete terms and conditi
ons for this offer once you become a cardmember.                                
                                                            Merchandise Savings 
at Disney Store                                                                 
       10% off Restrictions: Offer valid only at Disney store and Disney Baby St
ore retail locations in the U.S. or orders placed online at shopDisney.com. Not 
valid on purchases at The Disney Studio Store Hollywood &amp; Ghirardelli Soda F
ountain Shop, Disney Parks and Resort locations, including World of Disney® loca
tions and Shop Disney Parks app, or any online platforms other than shopDisney.c
om. Offer excludes taxes, Shipping &amp; Handling, Theme Park Passes, Disney Ele
ctronics, DVDs, Blu-ray™, CDs, Video Games, Books, Art &amp; Collectibles, Jim S
hore, Lenox®, Enesco Busts and Figurines, Olszewski, Precious Moments, Vinylmati
on, Limited Edition and Limited Availability merchandise, Ethan Allen, Bikes &am
p; Scooters, Disney Store 30th Anniversary merchandise, Electronic Toys, D23 Mem
berships, D23 Merchandise, gift cards or certificates, The Walt Disney Company C
ollectible Shareholder Certificate, 3-D printed merchandise, Subscription produc
ts, personalization, gift wrap and gift boxes and items not in stock. Additional
 exclusions may apply. Offer cannot be combined with any other offer or discount
 except available shipping offers. No adjustments to prior purchases. Merchandis
e subject to availability. Prices subject to change without notice. Returns and 
exchanges will be subject to discount taken at time of purchase. Valid packing s
lip or receipt required for returns and exchanges. Payment with valid Disney Vis
a Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card is required. Promotion Code may not
 be redeemed for cash, sold, or altered. Internet distribution strictly prohibit
ed. Use of offer or Promotion Code DRVCMEMBER constitutes acceptance of these of
fer terms. Offer may be canceled or modified at any time without notice. Visit s
hopDisney.com/DRVCPerkDetails. for the most current list of exclusions and any u
pdates to these offer terms. Void where prohibited. Chase is not responsible or 
liable for fulfillment of this offer.                                           
                                                 Cardmember Events at Disney Sto
re                                                                        Invita
tion valid at participating U.S. retail stores on event day only. Event passes l
imited based on store capacity. Passes are subject to availability and will be a
llocated on a first-come, first-served basis via the event website. Users who su
ccessfully claim any passes will need to print the email with a valid booking nu
mber and take them along to the Disney Store location on the day of the event at
 the time given. No cash alternative. Passes are non-transferable and for the us
e of the cardmember and their minor guests for whom passes have been provided on
ly. All minors must be accompanied by an adult. Emailing of passes, distribution
 of personal login details, passwords, passes, photocopying and multiple printin
g of passes is strictly prohibited. Users found to be in violation of this rule 
may be barred from using the Reservation Site. Passes may not under any circumst
ances be resold for financial or any other material gain. Event subject to chang
e or cancellation without notice. While supplies last. Void where prohibited. Ch
ase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of this offer.                 
                                                                           Card 
Designs                                                                        C
ard designs are subject to availability and may change without notice.          
                                                                                
                                                                          © Disn
ey and its related entities.                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
        