Begin Offer Details overlay.


Close Close Overlay

Begin Offer Details content.
Slate EdgeSM credit card
Offer Details





                            $100 Statement Credit After You Spend $500 On Purchases In The First 6 Months From Account Opening
                        

                        This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. You will receive a $100 statement credit with this bonus offer. To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $500 or more during the first 6 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for statement credit to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.
                    


                            APR Reduction
                        

                        If you make purchases totaling $1,000 or more during an anniversary year, and have made all payments on time, your account will be automatically reviewed for a 2% reduction of your APR on purchases, balance transfers, and My Chase Loan ("APR") based on our credit criteria. Your APR can only be reduced through this benefit until it reaches 9.74% plus the Prime Rate, which is 3.25% as of 05/06/2021. Your APR reduction could be less than 2% depending on your APR at the time of review. See Pricing & Terms for pricing details. If you qualify, please allow one to two months for your APR to be reduced.  Your account must be open and not in default when we attempt to decrease your APR. "Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. "Anniversary year" means the year beginning with account open date through the first statement after the anniversary of your account open date, and each 12 months after that.
                    


                            Credit Limit Increase
                        

                        If you make purchases totaling $500 or more through the first statement after the first 6 months from account opening, and have made all payments on time, you will be automatically evaluated for a credit limit increase based on our credit criteria. If you qualify, please allow one to three months for your credit limit to be increased. Your account must be open and not in default when we attempt to increase your credit limit. Any other increase in your credit limit within this period disqualifies you for this offer. "Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.
                    


                            Zero Liability
                        

                        Zero Liability Protection does not apply to use of an account by an authorized user without the approval of the primary cardmember. If you think someone used your account without permission, tell us immediately by calling the Cardmember Services number on your card or billing statement.
                    


                            Account Alerts
                        

                        Delivery of alerts may be delayed for various reasons including technology failures and capacity limitations. There is no charge from Chase, but message and data rates may apply.
        The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.
        Accounts subject to credit approval.
        Restrictions and limitations apply. Chase Slate credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Offer subject to change.
        
                    




















































































End Offer Details content.
