60,000 Bonus Points
                        
                        
                        This new Cardmember bonus offer is not available to either (i) current Cardmembers of this business credit card, or (ii) previous Cardmembers of this business credit card who received a new Cardmember bonus for this business credit card within the last 24 months. To qualify for your bonus points, you must make Purchases totaling $3,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. Please allow up to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your Rapid Rewards® account. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.
                    

                        
                            Earning Points
                        
                        
                        Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the Rapid Rewards® Premier Business card rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com.
          How you can earn points: You'll earn points when you, or an authorized user, use a Rapid Rewards® Credit Card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count as a purchase and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 2 points: You'll earn 2 points for each $1 spent on purchases made directly with Southwest Airlines®, including flight, inflight, Southwest® gift card, and Southwest Vacations® package purchases, and at participating Rapid Rewards® hotel and rental car partners. 1 point: You'll earn 1 point for each $1 spent on all other purchases. 1 point on balance transfers: You'll earn 1 point for each $1 of the first $15,000 of balance transfers made during the first 90 days from your original account open date. 6,000 bonus points each account anniversary year: You'll receive 6,000 bonus points each account anniversary year. "Account anniversary year" means the year beginning with your account open date through the anniversary of your account open date, and each 12 months after that. 1,500 tier qualifying points: You'll earn 1,500 tier qualifying points (TQPs) for each $10,000 in purchases up to $100,000 in purchases annually which equal 15,000 TQP. TQPs can be used to count toward qualification for Rapid Rewards A-List or A-List Preferred status. "Annually" means the year beginning with your account open date through the first December statement date of that same year, and each 12 billing cycles starting after your December statement date through the following December statement date. Information about earning/transferring points to Southwest Airlines®: Points earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to Southwest Airlines after the end of each billing cycle. Points expiration: The points transferred to your Rapid Rewards account won't expire as long as your card account is open or you have flight-earning or Southwest Airlines partner-earning activity at least once every 24 months. If your card account is closed, the points in your Rapid Rewards account will expire if there isn't flight-earning or Southwest Airlines partner-earning activity at least once every 24 months. Losing points: You'll immediately lose all points that haven't been transferred to Southwest Airlines if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement.
                    

                        
                            Points don't expire, Unlimited Reward Seats and No Blackout Dates
                        
                        
                        Points don't expire: The points transferred to your Rapid Rewards® account won't expire as long as your card is open or you have flight-earning or partner-earning activity at least once every 24 months. If your card account is closed, the points in your Rapid Rewards account will expire if there isn't flight-earning or Southwest Airlines partner-earning activity at least once every 24 months. No blackout dates and unlimited reward seats apply to flights booked with points.
                    

                        
                            Free Employee Cards
                        
                        
                        If any employees are allowed to use the account, they will be authorized users and will have equal charging privileges unless individual spending limits are established for them. You, as the Authorizing Officer, together with the company are responsible for any use of the account by you, an authorized user or anyone else permitted to use the account. You, together with company, are responsible for repaying all balances on the account. All correspondence, including statements and notifications, will be sent to you as the Authorizing Officer. By requesting to add an employee cardholder to the account, you represent all information provided is accurate and is for persons with which the company has a relationship. You also represent that company has permission to provide the employee information to Chase and to add the employee as a cardholder. If Chase determines any information provided is fraudulent, Chase has the right to close the account.Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Southwest Rapid Rewards® Credit Cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.
                    

                        
                            SOUTHWEST® RAPID REWARDS® PROGRAM INFORMATION
                        
                        
                        The Southwest Rapid Rewards® Credit Card is brought to you by Southwest Airlines® and Chase. Southwest Airlines is responsible for the redemption of Rapid Rewards points toward benefits and services. The number of points needed for a particular Southwest® flight is set by Southwest and will vary depending on destination, time, day of travel, demand, fare type, point redemption rate, and other factors, and are subject to change at any time until the booking is confirmed. Rapid Rewards points can only be transferred to the primary Cardmember's Rapid Rewards account. All Rapid Rewards rules and regulations apply, please visit Southwest.com/rrterms. Southwest reserves the right to amend, suspend, or change the program and/or program rules at any time without notice. Rapid Rewards Members do not acquire property rights in accrued points and awards.
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    