Pricing &amp; Terms        Please take a moment to carefully review the Pricing 
&amp; Terms below. Pricing InformationInterest Rates and Interest ChargesPurchas
e Annual Percentage Rate (APR)17.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness. 
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.aBalance Transfer A
PR17.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness. These APRs will vary with th
e market based on the Prime Rate.aCash Advance APR26.49%. This APR will vary wit
h the market based on the Prime Rate.bHow to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesY
our due date will be a minimum of 21 days after the close of each billing cycle.
 We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by 
the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on balance transfers an
d cash advances on the transaction date.Minimum Interest ChargeNoneCredit Card T
ips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to 
consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Cons
umer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.Fee
sAnnual Membership Fee$450Transaction FeesBalance TransfersEither $5 or 5% of th
e amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvancesEither $10 or 5% of
 the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater. Foreign TransactionsNoneP
enalty FeesLate PaymentUp to $15 if the balance is less than $100; up to $27 if 
the balance is $100 to less than $250; up to $37 if the balance is $250 or more.
Return PaymentUp to $37.Return CheckNoneNote: This account may not be eligible f
or balance transfers.How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use the daily balanc
e method (including new transactions). Prime Rate: Variable APRs are based on th
e 4.75% Prime Rate as of 3/27/2018.aWe add 12.74% to 19.74% to the Prime Rate to
 determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR. Maximum APR 29.99%. bWe add 21.74%
 to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advance APR. Maximum APR 29.99%. MILITA
RY LENDING ACT NOTICE: Federal law provides important protections to members of 
the Armed Forces and their dependents relating to extensions of consumer credit.
 In general, the cost of consumer credit to a member of the Armed Forces and his
 or her dependent may not exceed an annual percentage rate of 36 percent. This r
ate must include, as applicable to the credit transaction or account: the costs 
associated with credit insurance premiums; fees for ancillary products sold in c
onnection with the credit transaction; any application fee charged (other than c
ertain application fees for specified credit transactions or accounts); and any 
participation fee charged (other than certain participation fees for a credit ca
rd account). To receive this information and a description of your payment oblig
ation verbally, please call 1-800-235-9978.TERMS &amp; CONDITIONSAuthorization: 
When you respond to this credit card offer from Chase Bank USA, N.A., a subsidia
ry of JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. ("Chase", "we", or "us"), you agree to the follow
ing:You authorize us to obtain credit bureau reports that we will use when consi
dering your application for credit. You also authorize us to obtain credit burea
u reports and any other information about you in connection with: 1) extensions 
of credit on your account; 2) the administration, review or collection of your a
ccount; and 3) offering you enhanced or additional products and services. If you
 ask, we will tell you the name and address of the credit bureau from which we o
btained a report about you.If an account is opened, you will receive a Cardmembe
r Agreement with your card(s). You agree to the terms of this agreement by: usin
g the account or any card, authorizing their use, or making any payment on the a
ccount.When you give us your mobile phone number, we have your permission to con
tact you at that number about all your Chase or J.P. Morgan accounts. Your conse
nt allows us to use text messaging, artificial or prerecorded voice messages and
 automatic dialing technology for informational and account service calls, but n
ot for telemarketing or sales calls. It may include contact from companies worki
ng on our behalf to service your accounts. Message and data rates may apply. You
 may contact us anytime to change these preferences.Balance transfers will be ap
plied to your account and sent to your designated payee(s) 10 days after we mail
 your new credit card. If you want to cancel or modify your balance transfer wit
hin this ten-day period and have received your credit card, please call the numb
er on the back of your card. Otherwise, please call 1-888-338-9464. Please conti
nue to make payments to your other account(s) until you know the balance has bee
n paid.Rates, fees, and terms may change: We have the right to change the accoun
t terms (including the APRs) in accordance with your Cardmember Agreement.Before
 we approve you for a credit card, we will review your credit report and the inf
ormation you provide with your response to confirm that you meet the criteria fo
r this offer. Based on this review, you may receive a card with different costs 
or you may not receive a card. If approved for an account, your credit access li
ne will be at least $15000. You must be at least 18 years old to qualify (19 in 
AL and NE, 21 in Puerto Rico). An applicant, if married, may apply for a separat
e account.We reserve the right to change the benefit features associated with yo
ur card at any time.New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New Y
ork State Department of Financial Services at 1-800-342-3736 or go to www.dfs.ny
.gov to obtain a comparative list of credit card rates, fees, and grace periods.
Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors 
make credit equally available to all customers, and that credit reporting agenci
es maintain separate histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil R
ights Commission administers compliance with the law.Notice to Married Wisconsin
 Residents: No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral statement
 or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such
 agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actu
al knowledge of the adverse obligation. All obligations on this account will be 
incurred in the interest of your marriage or family. You understand that we may 
be required to give notice of this account to your spouse. Married Wisconsin res
idents must furnish their (the applicant's) name and social security number as w
ell as the name and address of their spouse to Cardmember Service at P.O. Box 15
366, Wilmington, DE 19850-5366.Balance Transfer OptionBalance transfers are cont
ingent upon issuance of your account with us.The total amount of your request(s)
 including fees and interest charges cannot exceed your available credit or $15,
000, whichever is lower.We will not process any balance transfer requests that a
re from any other account or loan that we (Chase Bank USA, N.A.) or any of our a
ffiliates issued.Balance transfers are subject to the transaction fee shown in t
he enclosed "Pricing Information."We will evaluate your balance transfer request
s in the order listed on your response. If your request(s) exceeds the amount th
at we approve, we may either decline the request or send less than the full amou
nt requested to your designated payee.Each transfer will reduce your available c
redit just like any other transaction. You will see a payment for the amount tra
nsferred on the statement from your other accounts. It may take up to three week
s to set up your new account with us and process the balance transfer(s), so you
 may still need to make payments to your other accounts to keep them current.Aff
iliate Information Sharing: We and our affiliates may share information about yo
u among affiliates in order to offer products and services of interest to you. I
f you would prefer that we do not share information from your application, credi
t bureaus or third parties, please call us at 1-888-868-8618. For more informati
on about our information handling policies, visit us on the web at http://www.ch
ase.com/privacypolicy.Replying to this offer: If you omit any information on the
 form, we may deny your request for an account. Chase cardmembers who currently 
have or have had a Chase credit card in any Rewards Program associated with this
 offer, may not be eligible for a second Chase credit card in the same Rewards P
rogram. Chase cardmembers currently receiving promotional pricing, or Chase card
members with a history of only using their current or prior Chase card for promo
tional pricing offers, are not eligible for a second Chase credit card with prom
otional pricing. You must have a valid permanent home address within the 50 Unit
ed States, District of Columbia, United States territories or a United States mi
litary address. The information about the costs of the card described in this fo
rm is accurate as of 3/27/2018. This information may have changed after that dat
e. To find out what may have changed, write to us at Cardmember Service, P.O. Bo
x 15043, Wilmington, DE 19850-5043.USA PATRIOT Act: Please note: Federal law req
uires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that 
identifies each person who opens an Account such as your name, address, date of 
birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask
 for other identifying documents.   © 2018 JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.