                                                                                
                                                        40,000 Bonus Points     
                                                                   The product i
s not available to either (i) current Cardmembers of any Southwest Rapids Reward
s® Credit Card, or (ii) previous Cardmembers of any Southwest Rapid Rewards Cred
it Card who received a new Cardmember bonus within the last 24 months. This does
 not apply to Cardmembers of the Southwest Rapid Rewards Business Card and Emplo
yee Credit Card products. To qualify for your bonus points, you must make Purcha
ses totaling $1,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. Plea
se allow up to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your Rapid Rewards® account. 
("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, 
foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions
, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting tra
nsactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudu
lent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) To 
be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the
 time of fulfillment.                                                           
                                 Earning Points                                 
                                       Rewards Program Agreement: For more infor
mation about the Rapid Rewards® Plus card rewards program, view the latest Rewar
ds Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your acco
unt is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program 
Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com.        How you c
an earn points: You'll earn points when you, or an authorized user, use a Rapid 
Rewards® Credit Card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns o
r refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will coun
t as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count as a p
urchase and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-l
ike transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or sim
ilar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauth
orized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if 
applicable. 2 points: You'll earn 2 points for each $1 spent on purchases made d
irectly with Southwest Airlines®, including flight, inflight, Southwest® gift ca
rd, and Southwest Vacations® package purchases, and at participating Rapid Rewar
ds® Hotel and Rental Car partners. 1 point: You'll earn 1 point for each $1 spen
t on all other purchases. 1 point on balance transfers: You'll earn 1 point for 
each $1 of the first $10,000 of balance transfers made during the first 90 days 
from your original account open date. 3,000 bonus points each account anniversar
y year: You'll receive 3,000 bonus points each account anniversary year. "Accoun
t anniversary year" means the year beginning with your account open date through
 the anniversary of your account open date, and each 12 months after that. Infor
mation about earning/transferring points to Southwest Airlines®: Points earned d
uring a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to Southwest Airlines af
ter the end of each billing cycle. Points expiration: The points transferred to 
your Rapid Rewards account won't expire as long as your card account is open or 
you have flight-earning or Southwest Airlines partner-earning activity at least 
once every 24 months. If your card account is closed, the points in your Rapid R
ewards account will expire if there isn't flight-earning or Southwest Airlines p
artner-earning activity at least once every 24 months. Losing points: You'll imm
ediately lose all points that haven't been transferred to Southwest Airlines if 
your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program mis
use, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons describ
ed in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement.                               
                                                             Points don't expire
, Unlimited Reward Seats and No Blackout Dates                                  
                                      Points don't expire: The points transferre
d to your Rapid Rewards® account won't expire as long as your card is open or yo
u have flight-earning or partner-earning activity at least once every 24 months.
 If your card account is closed, the points in your Rapid Rewards account will e
xpire if there isn't flight-earning or Southwest Airlines partner-earning activi
ty at least once every 24 months. No blackout dates and unlimited reward seats a
pply to flights booked with points.        Accounts subject to credit approval. 
Restrictions and limitations apply. Southwest Rapid Rewards® Credit Cards are is
sued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.                           
                                                                 SOUTHWEST® RAPI
D REWARDS® PROGRAM INFORMATION                                                  
                      The Southwest Rapid Rewards® Credit Card is brought to you
 by Southwest Airlines® and Chase. Southwest Airlines is responsible for the red
emption of Rapid Rewards points toward benefits and services. The number of poin
ts needed for any particular Southwest flight is set by Southwest and will vary 
depending on destination, time, day of travel, demand, point redemption rate, an
d other factors and is subject to change. Rapid Rewards points can only be trans
ferred to the primary Cardmember's Rapid Rewards account. All Rapid Rewards rule
s and regulations apply, please visit Southwest.com/rrterms. Southwest reserves 
the right to amend, suspend, or change the program and/or program rules at any t
ime without notice. Rapid Rewards Members do not acquire property rights in accr
ued points and awards.                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                          