Begin Offer Details overlay.


Close Close Overlay

Begin Offer Details content.
Chase Freedom Unlimited credit card
Offer Details

$200 Cash Back After You Spend $500 On Purchases In The First 3 Months From Account Opening: This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. You will receive 20,000 bonus points with this bonus offer, which can be redeemed for $200 cash back. To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $500 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.
Cash Back And Points: Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the Chase Freedom Unlimited rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement (PDF) Opens in a new window. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com/ultimaterewards Opens in a new window.
Cash Back and Points: "Cash Back rewards" are the rewards you earn under the program. Cash Back rewards are tracked as points and each $1 in Cash Back rewards earned is equal to 100 points. You may simply see "Cash Back" in marketing materials when referring to the rewards you earn. You may also see, "points" or "Ultimate Rewards points" when referring to the points you can use. How you can earn points: Youll earn points on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with a Chase Freedom Unlimited credit card by you or an authorized user of the account. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions wont count and wont earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1.5% Cash Back: Youll earn 1.5% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent. 3% Cash Back rewards total for each $1 spent on purchases in the following rewards categories: drugstores and dining at restaurants (1.5% additional Cash Back rewards on top of the 1.5% Cash Back rewards earned on each purchase). 5% Cash Back rewards total for each $1 spent on travel purchases booked using your card through the Ultimate Rewards program including available airline tickets, hotel accommodations, car rentals, activities and cruises (3.5% additional Cash Back rewards on top of the 1.5% Cash Back rewards earned on each purchase). 5% Cash Back in the grocery store category (excluding Walmart and Target) until the earlier of the end of your first 12 months or first $12,000 spent: Youll earn 5% Cash Back rewards total for each $1 spent on purchases in the grocery store category (excluding Walmart and Target) made within your first 12 months from account opening, or until you reach $12,000 in grocery store purchases, whichever occurs first (3.5% additional Cash Back rewards on top of the 1.5% Cash Back rewards earned on each purchase). The additional 3.5% Cash Back rewards will appear on your billing statement in a separate line from the base 1.5% Cash Back rewards. 5% total Cash Back on qualifying Lyft rides through 03/2025: Youll earn an additional 3.5% Cash Back for each $1 spent when your card is used for qualifying Lyft products and services purchased through the Lyft mobile application through 03/31/2025. Qualifying Lyft products and services include rides taken in Classic, Shared, Lux, or XL modes; bike and scooter rides; and subscription and membership products. Purchase of gift cards, car rentals, vehicle service centers, miscellaneous fees, and other Lyft products and services are excluded from this promotion. Future Lyft products or services may not be eligible for additional Cash Back. You may see "5% Cash Back rewards" in marketing materials to refer to the 3.5% Cash Back rewards earned in addition to the 1.5% Cash Back rewards earned on all purchases. The additional 3.5% Cash Back rewards will appear on your billing statement in a separate line from the 1.5% Cash Back rewards. Lyft is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Chase benefits or services. How you can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for any available reward options, including cash, gift cards, travel, and pay with points for products or services made available through the program or directly from third-party merchants. Redemption values for reward options vary. Points expiration/losing points: Your points dont expire as long as your account remains open, however, you will immediately lose all your points if your account status changes, or your account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. Rewards Categories: Merchants who accept Visa/Mastercard credit cards are assigned a merchant code, which is determined by the merchant or its processor in accordance with Visa/Mastercard procedures based on the kinds of products and services they primarily sell. We group similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers to you. Please note: We make every effort to include all relevant merchant codes in our rewards categories. However, even though a merchant or some of the items that it sells may appear to fit within a rewards category, the merchant may not have a merchant code in that category. When this occurs, purchases with that merchant wont qualify for rewards offers on purchases in that category. Purchases submitted by you, an authorized user, or the merchant through third-party payment accounts, mobile or wireless card readers, online or mobile digital wallets, or similar technology will not qualify in a rewards category if the technology is not set up to process the purchase in that rewards category. For more information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs Opens in a new window.
Third-Party Merchants: The listed merchant(s) are in no way affiliated with Chase, nor are the listed merchant(s) considered sponsors or co-sponsors of this program. All trademarks are the property of their respective owner(s).
Amazon Shop With Points: When using points at checkout, each point is worth $0.008, which means that 100 points equals $0.80 in redemption value.
Amazon.com Shop with Points service terms apply Opens Overlay .
Amazon, the Amazon.com logo, the smile logo, and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com Opens Overlay , Inc. or its affiliates.
Zero Liability: Zero Liability Protection does not apply to use of an account by an authorized user without the approval of the primary cardmember. If you think someone used your account without permission, tell us immediately by calling the Cardmember Services number on your card or billing statement.
Account Alerts: Delivery of alerts may be delayed for various reasons including technology failures and capacity limitations. There is no charge from Chase, but message and data rates may apply.
Complimentary 3 months of DashPass/50% Discounted DashPass from DoorDash for 9 months: When the membership is activated for the first time by 12/31/2024 your Chase Freedom Unlimited account will receive 3 months of complimentary DashPass for use on both the DoorDash and Caviar applications during the same membership period based on the first activation date. After your complimentary period ends, you'll be automatically enrolled for 9 months at 50% off the then current monthly DashPass rate until you cancel. After the DashPass discounted period ends, you will continue to be enrolled and charged the then current monthly DashPass rate until you cancel. You can cancel anytime on the DoorDash or Caviar mobile application. Membership will be registered in the name of the primary cardmember or an authorized user, whoever activates the benefit first. Membership period for the user on the Chase credit card account referenced above will begin and end based on when the first user activates the membership on the DoorDash or Caviar mobile application. The same log in credentials must be used on DoorDash and Caviar in order for the DashPass benefit to be used on both applications. To receive the membership benefits, the primary cardmember or authorized user(s) must first add their applicable Chase credit card as a default payment method in the DoorDash or Caviar mobile applications, and then click the activation button. Once enrolled in DashPass, you must use your Chase Freedom Unlimited card for payment at checkout for DashPass-eligible orders to receive DashPass benefits. Benefits of DashPass from DoorDash include no delivery fee on orders above the minimum subtotal (as stated in the DoorDash and Caviar apps and sites) from DashPass-eligible merchants (amounts subject to change). However, other fees (including service fee), taxes, and gratuity on orders may apply. Current value of the DashPass membership is as of 04/01/2022. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Pay), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by DoorDash or Caviar are not within Chase's control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash or Caviar benefits and services. If you product change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may change. You may experience a delay in updating your applicable benefits in the DoorDash application; please note, once you product trade, the benefits from your previous credit card are no longer available for your use. Your applicable Chase credit card account must be open and not in default to maintain membership benefits. See full DoorDash terms and conditions at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_US Opens Overlay .
All deliveries subject to availability. Must have or create a valid DoorDash account. Qualifying orders containing alcohol will be charged a $0.01 Delivery Fee. No cash value. Non-transferable. See full terms and conditions at: help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions Opens Overlay .
Complimentary Instacart+ Membership: You will receive one complimentary Instacart+ membership per eligible card account for 3 months (for Freedom, Freedom Unlimited, Freedom Flex, Freedom Student, Slate, and Slate Edge cardmembers) when the membership is activated on http://www.instacart.com/chase Opens Overlay  with an eligible card between 6/15/2022 and 7/31/2024. ("You" and "your" mean you as the primary cardmember or any authorized user, depending on which user activates first). This offer is non-transferrable. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Pay), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. Benefits of Instacart's membership include no delivery fee on orders that total over $35 (amount subject to change  see Instacart.com Opens Overlay  for current minimum); however, other fees, taxes, and/or tips may apply. Delivery subject to availability. If you do not currently have a paid or trial Instacart+ membership, by activating your Instacart+ membership, you agree to the Instacart+ Terms and you agree that after the complimentary Instacart+ membership period ends, you will be automatically enrolled in an annual Instacart+ membership and billed at $99/year or the then current annual Instacart+ membership rate for each membership activated, unless you have not placed any orders or you cancel during your complimentary Instacart+ membership period. If you currently have a paid or trial Instacart+ membership, you agree that your existing membership will be paused for the duration of this benefit and resume upon expiration. Your existing membership will automatically renew based on the Instacart+ Terms previously agreed upon unless you cancel. Your membership fees will be billed to any active payment method on file until you cancel. You can cancel your Instacart+ membership prior to the end of your complimentary Instacart+ membership period or at any time thereafter by selecting "Cancel Membership" in your Account Settings. Cancellation goes into effect during the next billing cycle. You may cancel within the first 15 calendar days of your paid Instacart+ membership and receive a refund of the Instacart+ membership fee you paid, but only if you have not placed any orders using your Instacart+ membership. If you change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may change. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by Instacart are not within Chase's control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Instacart benefits and services. Your complimentary membership benefits may be removed if your eligible credit card account is closed or in default.

Statement Credits on Instacart Purchases: Earn up to $10 per calendar quarter (for Freedom, Freedom Unlimited, Freedom Flex, and Freedom Student cardmembers) in statement credits on qualifying Instacart purchases from 8/1/2022 through 7/31/2024 when you activate a complimentary Chase Instacart+ membership on Instacart.com/Chase Opens Overlay  with your eligible Chase credit card. Calendar quarters are JanMarch, AprilJune, JulySeptember, OctoberDecember, and the partial calendar quarters at the beginning and end of the promotional period. You can check the status of your enrollment in the Chase benefit within the Instacart+ section of the Instacart mobile app. You will continue to receive statement credit benefits regardless of whether you choose to renew your Instacart+ membership at the end of your complimentary period. Qualifying Instacart purchases include only those orders purchased by you, or an authorized user, with a Chase Freedom Unlimited credit card through Instacart.com Opens Overlay  or the Instacart mobile application (gift cards excluded). Statement credit(s) will post to your account within 48 hours of your qualifying Instacart purchase posting to your account and will appear on your monthly credit card billing statement within 1-2 billing cycles. Statement credits will be issued for the calendar quarter in which the transaction posts to your account. For example, if you pay for an Instacart order, but Instacart does not post the transaction until after the current calendar quarter ends, the cost of the Instacart purchase will be allocated towards the next calendar quarter's maximum, or will not qualify if the promotional period has ended. If you change to another Chase credit card during the promotional period, your benefits may change. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by Instacart are not within Chase's control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Instacart benefits and services. Accounts must be open and not in default at the time the statement credit posts to your account.
INSTACART, the Instacart Carrot logo, the Instacart Partial Carrot logo, and the Instacart Carrot Top logo are trademarks of Maplebear Inc., d/b/a Instacart. Instacart may not be available in all zip or post codes. See Instacart Terms of Service for more details.
The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.
Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Chase Freedom Unlimited credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Offer subject to change.




End Offer Details content.
