                                                                                
                                                        Bonus Avios             
                                                           This product is not a
vailable to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous
 cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this cr
edit card within the last 24 months. You will qualify for 50,000 bonus Avios if 
you make $3,000 in Purchases within 3 months of account opening. You will qualif
y for 25,000 bonus Avios if you make a total of $10,000 in Purchases within 12 m
onths of account opening (for a possible total of 75,000 bonus Avios). You will 
qualify for 25,000 bonus Avios if you make a total of $20,000 in Purchases withi
n 12 months of account opening (for a possible total of 100,000 bonus Avios). Af
ter qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus Avios to post to your accoun
t. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like charg
es such as travelers checks, foreign currency, and money orders, any checks that
 access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of a
ny kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) To be eligible for this bonus 
offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.      
                                                                                
      Earn Avios                                                                
        Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the British Airway
s card rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail 
your Rewards Program Agreement once your card account is established. If you bec
ome a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be availab
le after logging in to chase.com.        How you can earn Avios points: You'll e
arn Avios points when you, or an authorized user, use a British Airways credit c
ard to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying
 products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; 
however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn Avios po
ints: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery
 tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions
, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent char
ges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 3 Avios point
s: You'll earn 3 Avios points for each $1 spent on purchases made directly with 
British Airways, OpenSkies and Iberia, including flights and flight-related serv
ices. 1 Avios point: You'll earn 1 Avios point for each $1 spent on all other pu
rchases. Information about earning/transferring Avios points to British Airways:
 Avios points earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to
 British Airways after the end of each billing cycle. You must have a U.S. addre
ss listed on your British Airways Executive Club profile to earn Avios points in
 the British Airways card rewards program. Avios points expiration: Avios points
 will expire according to the British Airways Executive Club program terms and c
onditions which include maintaining Executive Club program activity for 36 conse
cutive months. Losing Avios points: You'll immediately lose all Avios points tha
t haven't been transferred to British Airways if your card account status change
s, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, fai
lure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards 
Program Agreement.                                                              
                              Travel Together Ticket                            
                                            Subject to availability. Taxes, fees
, and carrier charges apply. British Airways Executive Club terms and conditions
 apply. Cardmember must make $30,000 in Purchases in a single calendar year on t
heir British Airways Visa Card to receive a Travel Together Ticket. ("Purchases"
 do not include balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like charges such as trav
elers checks, foreign currency, and money orders, any checks that access your ac
count, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, includ
ing an annual fee, if applicable.) The Travel Together Ticket will be in the for
m of a voucher that can be redeemed by Cardmember for a companion ticket. Cardme
mber is eligible for only one voucher each calendar year. Your Travel Together T
icket will be issued at the end of the billing cycle that you reach $30,000 in p
urchases. You will receive the voucher in your British Airways Executive Club ac
count 4-6 weeks after the billing cycle your Travel Together Ticket is issued, a
nd you will not be eligible for another voucher until the next calendar year. On
ce your Travel Together Ticket is issued, credits to your British Air credit car
d account will not cause forfeiture of your Travel Together Ticket. The voucher 
is valid for a companion ticket in conjunction with Cardmember's reward flight o
n BA taken within 2 years from the date of issue. All vouchers will be issued in
 the name of the main Cardmember who must travel on any booking where the vouche
r is used. The voucher cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotion an
d is only valid if it has been acquired in accordance with the rules of this pro
motion. The voucher is not extendable, transferable and has no cash or Avios val
ue. Companion must travel with the Cardmember on both the outbound and inbound j
ourney and be booked at the same time for both directions. Redemption Flights an
d vouchers may only be used for flights on British Airways mainline service, whi
ch have a BA prefixed flight number. Travel on franchise, codeshare or alliance 
airlines is not permitted. All travel must originate in and return to the US. Ad
ditional restrictions apply. Please visit ba.com/TravelTogetherTicket.          
                                                                                
  Reward Flights                                                                
        All British Airways reward flights and Travel Together Tickets are subje
ct to taxes, fees and carrier charges. The taxes, fees and carrier charges vary 
according to travel date, carrier and route flown. For example at the time of th
is publication: The taxes, fees, and carrier charges from Miami to Cancun are $7
2 per adult in economy. Taxes, fees and carrier charges for travel from Seattle 
to London range from approximately $682-1250 per adult in economy or $1250 in bu
siness class.Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations a
pply. British Airways Visa credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer
 subject to change.                                                             
                               EXECUTIVE CLUB PROGRAMME                         
                                               You must be a member of the Briti
sh Airways Executive Club programme. If you are not already a Member, you will b
e enrolled automatically if you are approved for the British Airways Visa. Avios
 accumulated through the British Airways Visa card will be transferred to your E
xecutive Club account; however, Avios reported on your monthly statement from Ch
ase may not post into your Executive Club account if you change your Executive C
lub address to one outside of the US. Avios earned with the British Airways Visa
 card will not be credited toward Executive Club tier level progression or reten
tion. For rules and regulations of the Executive Club, please visit www.BA.com. 
Redemption of Avios for travel is solely the responsibility of British Airways.B
ritish Airways, airberlin, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Aer Lingus, Catha
y Pacific, Finnair, Iberia, Japan Airlines, LAN, Malaysia Airlines, OpenSkies, Q
antas, Qatar Airways, Royal Jordanian, S7 Airlines, TAM Airlines and US Airways 
are trademarks of their respective companies.                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                             