                                                                                
                                                        40,000 Bonus Miles      
                                                                  This product i
s not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) p
revious cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for 
this credit card within the last 24 months. With this bonus offer, you will qual
ify and receive 40,000 bonus miles after you make Purchases totaling $2,000 or m
ore during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include 
balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orde
rs, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino ga
ming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that a
ccess your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of an
y kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 
6 to 8 weeks for bonus miles to post to your account. To be eligible for this bo
nus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. B
onus miles do not count towards Premier status. If your account is not open for 
at least six months, United and Chase reserve the right to deduct the bonus mile
s from your MileagePlus Program account. Offer subject to change.               
                                                                             5,0
00 Bonus Miles                                                                  
      This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this cr
edit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new c
ardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. With this bonus 
offer, you will qualify and receive 5,000 bonus miles after your First Purchase 
and addition of an authorized user to your account; both must occur during the f
irst 3 months from account opening. 5,000 bonus miles will only be awarded once,
 for the first authorized user added to your account regardless of how many tota
l authorized users you add to your account. ("First Purchase" does not include b
alance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money order
s, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gam
ing chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that ac
cess your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any
 kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6
 to 8 weeks for bonus miles to post to your account. These miles do not count to
ward Premier status. If your account is not open for at least six months, United
 and Chase reserve the right to deduct the bonus miles from your MileagePlus Pro
gram account.                                                                   
                         Adding an Authorized User                              
                                          All correspondence, including credit c
ards, statements, and notifications will be sent to the name and address on file
 for the primary cardmember. The primary cardmember is responsible for repaying 
all balances on this account. Authorized users will have the same account number
 and charging privileges as the primary cardmember but will not be financially r
esponsible. Chase provides account information to the credit reporting agencies 
for all account users. This information could impact an authorized user's credit
 score. When you tell us to add a user to your account, you're confirming that y
ou have a relationship with the person or people whose name(s), address(es), and
 date of birth(s) you've told us, that all their information is correct, and tha
t you have their consent to add them. If Chase determines you've given us fraudu
lent name, address, or date of birth information, or did not have such consent, 
Chase can close this account.                                                   
                                         Free Checked Bag                       
                                                 The primary Cardmember and one 
traveling companion on the same reservation are each eligible to receive their f
irst standard checked bag free; authorized users are only eligible if they are o
n the same reservation as the primary Cardmember. To receive first standard chec
ked bag free, the primary Cardmember must include their MileagePlus® number in t
heir reservation and use their MileagePlus Explorer Card to purchase their ticke
t(s). First standard checked bag free is only available on United®- and United E
xpress®-operated flights; codeshare partner-operated flights are not eligible. S
ervice charges for oversized, overweight and extra baggage may apply. Cardmember
s who are already exempt from other checked baggage service charges will not rec
eive an additional free standard checked bag. Chase is not responsible for the p
rovision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Please allow 2 weeks af
ter account opening for your first free standard checked bag to be available on 
your United reservation. Please visit united.com/ChaseBag for details.          
                                                                                
  Priority Boarding                                                             
           The primary Cardmember and companions traveling on the same reservati
on are eligible for priority boarding; authorized users are only eligible if the
y are on the same reservation as the primary Cardmember. To receive priority boa
rding, the primary Cardmember must include their MileagePlus® number in their re
servation. Priority boarding is only available on United®- and United Express®-o
perated flights; codeshare partner-operated flights are not eligible. MileagePlu
s Explorer Cardmembers can board the plane before general boarding, after Mileag
ePlus Premier® members, customers with Premier Access® and travelers requiring s
pecial assistance. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to 
provide, the stated benefits. Please allow 2 weeks after account opening for pri
ority boarding to be available on your United reservation.                      
                                                                      Anniversar
y United Club Passes                                                            
            Two (2) United ClubSM one-time passes will be deposited into the pri
mary Cardmember's MileagePlus Program account after account opening and every 12
 months thereafter as long as the credit card account remains open. Please allow
 4 weeks for your United Club passes to be deposited into your MileagePlus Progr
am account. Each pass grants one person one-time access to a United Club locatio
n subject to United Club terms &amp; conditions, united.com/UnitedClubRules, and
 Club access policies, united.com/UnitedClubAccess, each of which is subject to 
change, with or without notice. Access is subject to space availability. United 
Club passes must be presented for admittance to the United Club and can be acces
sed through the United app or by printing them from your MileagePlus account on 
united.com. United Club passes have no cash value, cannot be sold and cannot be 
replaced if lost or stolen. Each United Club pass is subject to the expiration d
ate located on the pass. If your credit card account is closed, United and Chase
 reserve the right to remove the United Club passes from your MileagePlus Progra
m account. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide,
 United Club amenities.                                                         
                                   Earning Miles                                
                                        Rewards Program Agreement: For more info
rmation about the United MileagePlus® Explorer card rewards program, view the la
test Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once
 your account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Reward
s Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com.       
   How you can earn miles: You'll earn miles when you, or an authorized user, us
e a United MileagePlus® credit card to make purchases of products and services, 
minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most c
ases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won
't count and won't earn miles: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-l
ike transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or sim
ilar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauth
orized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if 
applicable. 1 mile: You'll earn 1 mile for each $1 spent. 2 miles: You‘ll earn 2
 miles total for each $1 spent on airline tickets purchased directly from United
 (1 additional mile on top of the 1 mile per $1 earned on each purchase). Inform
ation about earning/transferring miles to United: Miles earned during a billing 
cycle will be automatically transferred to United after the end of each billing 
cycle. Miles expiration: The miles transferred to your MileagePlus account will 
not expire as long as your card account is open. If your card account is closed,
 the miles in your MileagePlus account will expire according to the MileagePlus 
program rules. Losing miles: You'll immediately lose all miles that haven't been
 transferred to United if your card account status changes, or your card account
 is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy
, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement.     
                                                                                
       Miles Don't Expire                                                       
                 Your miles will not expire as long as there is activity on your
 credit card account, including paying your annual membership fee, and the credi
t card account is open and not in default. Upon cancellation of your credit card
 account your miles will expire according to the MileagePlus program rules.     
                                                                                
       United Saver Awards                                                      
                  United Economy Saver Awards are redeemable starting as low as 
12,500 miles for one-way travel within the continental U.S. and Canada as of Jan
uary 1, 2018. Award pricing is subject to change without notice.                
                                                                            Awar
d Availability and Fees                                                         
               The primary Cardmember can use miles to book award travel on any 
United-operated flight at the MileagePlus® Everyday Award level, including award
 travel booked by the primary Cardmember for an authorized user under the primar
y Cardmember's MileagePlus number, as long as tickets are still available for sa
le for the applicable cabin on such flight. The primary Cardmember's MileagePlus
 number must be provided before starting the award travel booking process. Award
 bookings under an authorized user's MileagePlus number will not receive this be
nefit. Award pricing is subject to change without notice. Saver Awards, awards o
n partner-operated flights and upgrade awards are subject to limitations and res
trictions. Passenger is responsible for all taxes, fees, baggage fees and surcha
rges applicable to award travel, including, with respect to government imposed t
axes and fees, September 11th Security Fee of $5.60 per one-way trip that does n
ot include a government defined stopover, US Customs, Immigration and APHIS User
 Fees of $17.50 for each international arrival in the U.S.; and non-U.S. governm
ent ticket taxes, fees and airport charges may add up to $275 per ticket as of J
anuary 1, 2018. Such taxes, fees and surcharges must be paid at the time of tick
eting and are subject to change. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, 
or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Visit united.com/awards for details.
                                                                                
            Upgrading Award Tickets                                             
                           The primary Cardmember who has MileagePlus® Premier® 
status and is traveling on an award ticket is eligible for Complimentary Premier
 Upgrades on select United-operated flights, subject to availability; travel com
panions and authorized users are not eligible. Assignment of Complimentary Premi
er Upgrades on award tickets within each Premier level will be prioritized after
 the lowest paid fare class. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or f
ailure to provide, the stated benefits. Please visit united.com/upgrades for det
ails on flights eligible for Complimentary Premier Upgrades and upgrade processi
ng.                                                                             
               Room Upgrades and Special Amenities                              
                                          The Luxury Hotel &amp; Resort Collecti
on (LHRC) program benefits and Guest Privileges are available exclusively on sel
ect Chase credit cards. To receive the Guest Privileges, reservations must be ma
de through an LHRC Travel Specialist or on LHRCollection.com. Websites and other
 information provided by LHRC and/or participating hotels are not within Chase's
 control and may or may not be available in Spanish. All exclusive amenities and
 Guest Privileges are provided per room and are based on double occupancy. Some 
amenities may only apply to select rates, may be subject to availability at chec
k-in, and are not redeemable for cash. Amenities may not be combined with other 
offers, including tour operator or wholesaler rates and packages. Complimentary 
Wi-Fi provided, with the exception of Mombo Camp where Wi-Fi is not available. P
rogram benefits, participating properties, and Guest Privileges are valid throug
h the current calendar year, but may become unavailable due to circumstances out
side of Chase's control. All efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of th
e information contained. We reserve the right to correct any mistakes. Certain b
lackout dates and other restrictions may apply. This program is brought to you b
y Chase through an agreement with Signature Travel Network.                     
                                                                       Concierge
 Service                                                                        
Cardmembers are responsible for the cost of any goods or services purchased thro
ugh the Concierge.                                                              
                              UNITED MILEAGEPLUS VISA CARD PROGRAM INFORMATION  
                                                                      Individual
s whose requests for this offer are not approved will not be enrolled in Mileage
Plus® through this request, although existing MileagePlus members will remain en
rolled in MileagePlus. Authorized users will not be enrolled in MileagePlus as a
 result of this request. MileagePlus miles awarded through the use of the author
ized user's card will only be credited to the primary cardmember's account. If a
 cardmember's membership in United's MileagePlus Program is terminated in accord
ance with the terms and conditions of that Program, the cardmember will no longe
r be eligible to earn any MileagePlus miles for purchases using the United Milea
gePlus Card. Chase's sole obligation concerning the award and redemption of mile
s shall be to make a valid request to United to award miles to the cardmember's 
associated MileagePlus account. Chase disclaims liability or responsibility for 
United's failure to award or redeem miles to the cardmember's associated Mileage
Plus account after Chase has met its obligations to United in connection with su
ch a request. Benefits are available as long as cardmember's MileagePlus Explore
r Credit Card account is open and not in default. Upon closure of the cardmember
's MileagePlus Explorer Credit Card account, all benefits will be canceled.     
                                                                                
       MILEAGEPLUS PROGRAM TERMS AND CONDITIONS                                 
                                       Miles accrued, awards, and benefits issue
d are subject to change and are subject to the rules of the United MileagePlus p
rogram, including without limitation the Premier® program (the "MileagePlus Prog
ram"), which are expressly incorporated herein. Please allow 6-8 weeks after com
pleted qualifying activity for miles to post to your account. United may change 
the MileagePlus Program including, but not limited to, rules, regulations, trave
l awards and special offers or terminate the MileagePlus Program at any time and
 without notice. United and its subsidiaries, affiliates and agents are not resp
onsible for any products or services of other participating companies and partne
rs. Taxes and fees related to award travel are the responsibility of the member.
 Bonus award miles, award miles and any other miles earned through non-flight ac
tivity do not count toward qualification for Premier status unless expressly sta
ted otherwise. The accumulation of mileage or Premier status or any other status
 does not entitle members to any vested rights with respect to the MileagePlus P
rogram. All calculations made in connection with the MileagePlus Program, includ
ing without limitation with respect to the accumulation of mileage and the satis
faction of the qualification requirements for Premier status, will be made by Un
ited Airlines and MileagePlus in their discretion and such calculations will be 
considered final. Information in this communication that relates to the MileageP
lus Program does not purport to be complete or comprehensive and may not include
 all of the information that a member may believe is important, and is qualified
 in its entirety by reference to all of the information on the united.com websit
e and the MileagePlus Program rules. United and MileagePlus are registered servi
ce marks. For complete details about the MileagePlus Program, go to united.com. 
                                                                                
                                                                                
   Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Unit
ed MileagePlus credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to 
change.                                                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                           