                                                                                
                                                        Earn 80,000 Bonus Points
                                                                        To quali
fy and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $5,000 or more durin
g the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance t
ransfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire 
transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chip
s, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access you
r account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, i
ncluding an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 we
eks for bonus points to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offe
r, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.          
                                                                                
  Earning Points                                                                
        Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the Ink Business P
referred rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mai
l your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is established. If you become
 a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available 
after logging in to chase.com/ultimaterewards.        How you can earn points: Y
ou'll earn points when you, or an authorized user, use an Ink Business Preferred
SM card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Bu
ying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purcha
se; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn poin
ts: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery t
ickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, 
any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charge
s, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1 point: You'll
 earn 1 point for each $1 spent. 3 points ("3X points"): You'll earn 3 points to
tal for each $1 of the first $150,000 spent each account anniversary year on com
bined purchases in the following rewards categories: shipping; advertising purch
ases made with social media sites and search engines; travel; internet, cable, a
nd phone services (two additional points on top of the 1 point per $1 earned on 
each purchase). After $150,000 is spent on combined purchases in these categorie
s each account anniversary year, you go back to earning 1 point for every dollar
 spent, with no maximum. How you can use your points: You can use your points to
 redeem for any available reward options, including cash, gift cards, travel, an
d products or services made available through the program or directly from third
 party merchants. Redemption values for reward options vary. Points expiration/l
osing points: Your points don't expire as long as your account remains open, how
ever, you will immediately lose all your points if your account status changes, 
or your account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to 
pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program 
Agreement. Rewards Categories: Merchants who accept Visa/MasterCard credit cards
 are assigned a merchant code, which is determined by the merchant or its proces
sor in accordance with Visa/MasterCard procedures based on the kinds of products
 and services they primarily sell. We group similar merchant codes into categori
es for purposes of making rewards offers to you. Please note: We make every effo
rt to include all relevant merchant codes in our rewards categories. However, ev
en though a merchant or some of the items that it sells may appear to fit within
 a rewards category, the merchant may not have a merchant code in that category.
 When this occurs, purchases with that merchant won't qualify for rewards offers
 on purchases in that category. Purchases submitted by you, an authorized user, 
or the merchant through third-party payment accounts, mobile or wireless card re
aders, online or mobile digital wallets, or similar technology will not qualify 
in a rewards category if the technology is not set up to process the purchase in
 that rewards category. For more information about Chase rewards categories, see
 www.Chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs.                                             
                                               Points Are Worth 25% More        
                                                                When you use poi
nts to redeem for cash, each point is worth $.01 (one cent), which means that 10
0 points equals $1 in redemption value. Each point you redeem for travel booked 
through Chase Ultimate Rewards is worth $.0125 (one and a quarter cents), which 
means that 100 points equals $1.25 in redemption value, and points are worth 25%
 more than if redeemed for cash. For example, 80,000 points are worth $1,000 tow
ards travel, or $800 when redeemed for cash. The cost of travel is based on the 
rates and fares available through the Ultimate Rewards website and travel center
, and may not reflect all rates and fares that are available through other sales
 channels.                                                                      
                      Employee Cards                                            
                            If any of your employees are allowed to use your acc
ount, they will be authorized users and will have the same charging privileges a
s you unless you establish individual spending limits for them. You are responsi
ble for any use of your account by you, an authorized user or anyone else that y
ou permit to use your account. You are responsible for repaying all balances on 
your account. All correspondence, including statements and notifications, will b
e sent to you. By submitting this request to add a user to your account, you are
 confirming that you have a relationship with the individual(s) whose name and a
ddress you've provided, that all their information is correct, and that you have
 their consent to add them. If Chase determines you've given us fraudulent infor
mation or did not have such consent, Chase can close this account.              
                                                                                
                                                                      Accounts s
ubject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Ink Business Pref
erredSM credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                