                                                                                
                                                        80,000 Bonus Points     
                                                                   This product 
is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) 
previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for
 this credit card within the last 24 months. To qualify and receive your bonus, 
you must make Purchases totaling $2,000 or more during the first 3 months from a
ccount opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, tr
avelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-l
ike transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or sim
ilar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauth
orized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if 
applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to pos
t to your IHG® Rewards Club account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, accoun
t must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Chase may close yo
ur credit card account or suspend your right to use your credit card account, at
 any time for any reason, including account inactivity.                         
                                                                   5,000 Bonus P
oints                                                                        Thi
s product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card
, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember
 bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. To qualify for and receiv
e your bonus, your First Purchase and addition of an authorized user to your acc
ount must both occur during the first 3 months from account opening. ("First Pur
chase" does not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, fore
ign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lo
ttery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transac
tions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent
 charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After q
ualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your IHG® Rewar
ds Club account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and n
ot in default at the time of fulfillment. Chase may close your credit card accou
nt or suspend your right to use your credit card account, at any time for any re
ason, including account inactivity.                                             
                                               Adding an Authorized User        
                                                                All corresponden
ce, including credit cards, statements, and notifications will be sent to the na
me and address on file for the primary cardmember. The primary cardmember is res
ponsible for repaying all balances on this account. Authorized users will have t
he same account number and charging privileges as the primary cardmember but wil
l not be financially responsible. Chase provides account information to the cred
it reporting agencies for all account users. This information could impact an au
thorized user's credit score. When you tell us to add a user to your account, yo
u're confirming that you have a relationship with the person or people whose nam
e(s), address(es), and date of birth(s) you've told us, that all their informati
on is correct, and that you have their consent to add them. If Chase determines 
you've given us fraudulent name, address, or date of birth information, or did n
ot have such consent, Chase can close this account.                             
                                                               Earning Points   
                                                                     Rewards Pro
gram Agreement: For more information about the IHG® Rewards Club Premier card re
wards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewa
rds Program Agreement once your card account is established. If you become a Cha
se Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after 
logging in to chase.com.          How you can earn points: You'll earn points wh
en you, or an authorized user, use an IHG® Rewards Club credit card to make purc
hases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and se
rvices with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the fol
lowing types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfer
s, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gamin
g chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that acce
ss your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any k
ind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 10 points: You'll earn 10 points fo
r each $1 spend on purchases made at InterContinental Hotels Group properties, i
ncluding InterContinental® Hotels &amp; Resorts, InterContinetal Alliance® Resor
ts, Kimpton®, Crowne Plaza®, Hotel Indigo®, Holiday Inn®, Holiday Inn Express®, 
Holiday Inn Resort®, Holiday Inn Club Vacations®, Staybridge Suites®, Candlewood
 Suites®, EVEN™ Hotels and HUALUXE™. 2 points: You'll earn 2 points for each $1 
spent in the following rewards categories: gas stations; grocery stores; and res
taurants. 1 point: You'll earn 1 point for each $1 spent on all other purchases.
 10,000 bonus points each account anniversary year: You'll receive 10,000 bonus 
points each account anniversary year during which at least $20,000 is spent, and
 one additional purchase is made at least one day after you have spent $20,000. 
"Account anniversary year" means the year beginning with your account open date 
through the first statement after the anniversary of your account open date, and
 each 12 billing cycles after that. Information about earning/transferring point
s to IHG Rewards Club: Points earned during a billing cycle will be automaticall
y transferred to IHG Rewards Club after the end of each billing cycle. Points ex
piration: The points transferred to your IHG Rewards Club account will not expir
e as long as there is IHG Rewards Club program activity for 12 consecutive month
s, depending on your status. IHG Rewards Club Membership terms and conditions ap
ply. For complete program details, visit ihgrewardsclub.com. Losing points: You'
ll immediately lose all points that haven't been transferred to IHG Rewards Club
 if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program
 misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons des
cribed in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. Rewards Categories: Mercha
nts who accept Visa/MasterCard credit cards are assigned a merchant code, which 
is determined by the merchant or its processor in accordance with Visa/MasterCar
d procedures based on the kinds of products and services they primarily sell. We
 group similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards off
ers to you. Please note: We make every effort to include all relevant merchant c
odes in our rewards categories. However, even though a merchant or some of the i
tems that it sells may appear to fit within a rewards category, the merchant may
 not have a merchant code in that category. When this occurs, purchases with tha
t merchant won't qualify for rewards offers on purchases in that category. Purch
ases submitted by you, an authorized user, or the merchant through third-party p
ayment accounts, mobile or wireless card readers, online or mobile digital walle
ts, or similar technology will not qualify in a rewards category if the technolo
gy is not set up to process the purchase in that rewards category. For more info
rmation about Chase rewards categories, see www.Chase.com/RewardsFAQs.          
                                                                                
  Anniversary Free Night                                                        
                Anniversary Free Night will be available for redemption on your 
account renewal anniversary date each year. ("Anniversary" is the date that is t
welve months after your account open date, and the same date each twelve months 
thereafter.) Annual fee applies. For pricing details, please see Pricing &amp; T
erms. Anniversary Free Night is valid at IHG® Hotels with a current point redemp
tion level of 40,000 points or less, and must be redeemed, and stay must be comp
leted, within 12 months from date of issue. Visit IHG.com/AnniversaryFreeNight f
or a list of hotels that do not accept the Anniversary Free Night certificate. A
nniversary Free Night is valid for one standard room night rate and applicable t
axes only. Rooms are limited, subject to prior sale and availability of allocate
d resources and may be unavailable during high demand periods. All reservations 
that will utilize the Anniversary Free Night can be booked online at ihgrewardsc
lub.com or by calling IHG® Rewards Club at 1-877-318-5890. Anniversary Free Nigh
t may not be transferred, extended beyond the expiration date, redeemed for cash
, or re-credited for points. Individual hotel's cancellation policy applies to t
he use of the Anniversary Free Night. Cancellation fees apply if cancellation is
 made outside of the hotel's cancellation time period. Anniversary Free Night ru
les and regulations are subject to change. To receive Anniversary Free Night com
munications, members must maintain a valid email address in the IHG Rewards Club
 member profile and opt in to receive IHG® Rewards Club e-communications. Chase 
is not responsible for offer fulfillment. Chase may close your credit card accou
nt or suspend your right to use your credit card account, at any time for any re
ason, including account inactivity.                                             
                                               Platinum Elite Status            
                                                            As an IHG® Rewards C
lub Premier credit cardmember, you qualify for an upgrade to IHG® Rewards Club P
latinum Elite status for as long as you remain a Premier credit cardmember, and 
as long as your IHG® Rewards Club membership account remains in good standing. P
lease allow 6 to 8 weeks for the upgrade to be applied to your IHG® Rewards Club
 account.                                                                       
                     Fourth Award Night Free                                    
                                    For each standard room Reward Night stay of 
4 or more nights, every 4th night is free. Applies only to 4 or more consecutive
 nights within the same Reward Night point redemption room stay at the same prop
erty. With this benefit, eligible members will be charged the Reward Night point
 redemption rate for the first 3 nights, and 0 points for the 4th night of the s
tay, as applicable. If 4th Reward Night Free reservation is cancelled, or check-
out occurs before the 4th night, the 4th Reward Night is forfeited and has no ca
sh or point value. Members can utilize the 4th Reward Night Free benefit on an u
nlimited number of stays annually. IHG® Rewards Club Reward Night terms and cond
itions apply. Offer does not apply to paid stays or Points &amp; Cash bookings. 
Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment.                                 
                                                           Save 20% on Points Pu
rchases                                                                        S
ave at least 20% on points purchases when you pay for those points with your IHG
® Rewards Club Premier or Traveler Credit Cards. Point purchase amounts are subj
ect to change by IHG® Rewards Club. These points are Non-Qualifying points and d
o not count towards Elite qualification. Upon completion of the points purchase,
 you agree that the total dollar amount will be immediately charged to your cred
it card. The cost for the points purchased is non-refundable.                   
                                                                         Global 
Entry or TSA Pre✓® Application Fee Statement Credit                             
                                           To be eligible for this statement cre
dit you must use your IHG® Rewards Club Credit Card to either complete the Globa
l Entry application and pay the $100 application fee, or complete the TSA Pre✓® 
application and pay the $85 application fee. A statement credit will be processe
d after the Global Entry program application fee OR TSA Pre✓® application fee (w
hichever program is applied for first) is charged to your IHG® Rewards Club Cred
it Card. You are entitled to either: one (1) $100 statement credit per account, 
OR one (1) $85 statement credit per account, every 4 years in connection with th
e Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® program application fee. The statement credit will b
e posted to your account within 24 hours of the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® progra
m application fee being charged to your card. You are responsible for payment of
 all charges until the statement credit posts to the account. Global Entry is a 
U.S. Government program, operated by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP). T
SA Pre✓® is a U.S. Government program, operated by the U.S. Transportation Secur
ity Administration (TSA). Chase has no control over either program including, bu
t not limited to, applications, approval process or enrollment, or fees charged 
by CBP or TSA, and no liability regarding the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® programs
. For complete details on the Global Entry program, including full terms and con
ditions, go to globalentry.gov. For complete details on the TSA Pre✓® program, i
ncluding full terms and conditions, go to tsa.gov. Websites and other informatio
n provided by government agencies are not within Chase's control and may not be 
available in Spanish. To be eligible for this benefit, your account must be open
 and not in default at the time of statement credit fulfillment.The TSA Pre✓® tr
ademark is used with the permission of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.
                                                                                
            IHG® REWARDS CLUB PROGRAM INFORMATION                               
                                         Points accrued and awards issued are su
bject to the terms and conditions of the IHG® Rewards Club program. Click here f
or complete terms and conditions of the IHG® Rewards Club program, including all
 redemption values, or refer to www.ihgrewardsclub.com. Terms and conditions of 
the IHG® Rewards Club program may be modified and services and benefits may be a
dded or deleted at any time without notice to Cardmembers. Individuals whose req
uest for a credit card are not approved will not be enrolled in the IHG® Rewards
 Club program through this offer, although existing IHG® Rewards Club membership
s will not be affected. Additional authorized users will not be enrolled in the 
IHG® Rewards Club program as a result of this offer. IHG® Rewards Club points aw
arded through the use of the authorized user's card will only be credited to the
 Primary Cardmember's IHG® Rewards Club account. Click here to review the IHG® R
ewards Club Privacy Statement.The above service marks are the property of Six Co
ntinents Hotels, Inc. (an InterContinental Hotels Group company), or its affilia
tes.© 2018 InterContinental Hotels Group, Three Ravinia Drive, Suite 100, Atlant
a, Georgia, 30346-2149 USA. All rights reserved. Most hotels are independently o
wned and/or operated.Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limit
ations apply. IHG® Rewards Club Premier credit cards are issued by Chase Bank US
A, N.A. Offer subject to change.                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                            