6,500 Stars after you spend $500 on purchases in the first 3 months from account opening
                        
                        
                        This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. You will receive 6,500 Stars with this bonus offer. To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $500 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus Stars to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.
                    
                    
                        
                            Earning Stars
                        
                        
                        Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the Starbucks Rewards Visa credit card rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com.
          How you can earn Stars: You'll earn Stars when you, or an authorized user, use a Starbucks® Rewards Visa® Card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn Stars: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1 Star when loading funds to your Starbucks Card: You'll earn 1 Star for each $1 spent using the Starbucks Rewards Visa Card to load funds to your registered Starbucks Card through the Starbucks mobile app or at starbucks.com/card. 1 Star for each $2 spent: You'll also earn 1 Star for each $2 spent using the Starbucks Rewards Visa Card on purchases made in any of the following rewards categories: grocery stores; local transit/commuting; internet, cable, and phone services. 1 Star for each $4 spent on all other purchases: You'll earn 1 Star for each $4 spent using the Starbucks Rewards Visa Card on all other purchases, including funds loaded to your registered Starbucks Card at a Starbucks retail store. "Starbucks Card" means physical Starbucks branded stored value cards available for sale from participating Starbucks locations and other retail locations; digital forms of the physical cards available through the Starbucks mobile app; or Starbucks Card eGifts that can be purchased at starbucks.com/shop/card/egift and allow you to load a dollar value for use at participating Starbucks locations. The dollar value you load onto your Starbucks Card is a prepayment for the goods and services of participating Starbucks locations. "Participating Starbucks locations" means all Starbucks locations that honor Starbucks Rewards. For stores that honor Starbucks Rewards, locate a store at starbucks.com and look for stores that list "Digital Rewards" as one of their amenities. Information about earning/transferring Stars to Starbucks: Stars earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to Starbucks after the end of each billing cycle. Star expiration: The expiration of Stars earned in this Starbucks Rewards Visa Card rewards program that are transferred to your Starbucks Rewards Program account will be governed by the Starbucks Rewards Program terms of use, available at starbucks.com/Terms. Starbucks may change, modify and/or eliminate Star expiration at any time and in its sole discretion. Losing Stars: You'll immediately lose all Stars that haven't been transferred to Starbucks if your Starbucks Rewards Visa Card account status changes, or your Starbucks Rewards Visa Card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. Rewards Categories: Merchants who accept Visa/MasterCard credit cards are assigned a merchant code, which is determined by the merchant or its processor in accordance with Visa/MasterCard procedures based on the kinds of products and services they primarily sell. We group similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers to you. Please note: We make every effort to include all relevant merchant codes in our rewards categories. However, even though a merchant or some of the items that it sells may appear to fit within a rewards category, the merchant may not have a merchant code in that category. When this occurs, purchases with that merchant won't qualify for rewards offers on purchases in that category. Purchases submitted by you, an authorized user, or the merchant through third-party payment accounts, mobile or wireless card readers, online or mobile digital wallets, or similar technology will not qualify in a rewards category if the technology is not set up to process the purchase in that rewards category. For more information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs.
                    
                    
                        
                            Participating Stores Only
                        
                        
                        At participating Starbucks® stores. Some restrictions apply. See Starbucks.com/terms for details.
                    
                    
                        
                            Barista Picks
                        
                        
                        As a Starbucks® Rewards Visa® cardmember, you will receive eight (8) complimentary food or beverage items ("Barista Picks") as described below in each twelve (12) month period beginning 45 days following the opening of your account.
          Each Barista Pick is available as a coupon automatically loaded to your Starbucks Rewards account which may be redeemed for one (1) complimentary item at a participating Starbucks store as described in the terms of the applicable Barista Pick coupon. Substitutions and customizations are not allowed unless specifically permitted by the Barista Pick coupon. Barista Picks cannot be redeemed for cash or Stars.
          Each Barista Pick expires 30 days after it has been loaded onto your Starbucks Rewards account. If you have provided us with a current, valid email address, you will receive an emailed notice that the Barista Pick has been loaded to your account. One Barista Pick will be loaded approximately once every six (6) weeks.
          You must present your registered Starbucks Card to the barista at a participating Starbucks store in order to redeem your Barista Pick. The Barista Pick benefit will be awarded as a single coupon valid for one-time use, regardless of the number of authorized user cards associated with your Starbucks Rewards Visa account.
                    
                    
                        
                            Internet, Cable and Phone Services
                        
                        
                        Please contact your service merchant for details on any fees that may be associated with paying your bill using a credit card.
                    
                    
                        
                            Starbucks Rewards Benefits
                        
                        
                        For questions related to Starbucks® Rewards visit https://www.starbucks.com/terms
        You must be at least 18 years old to qualify (19 in AL and NE) for a Starbucks® Rewards Visa® Card.
        The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.
        Starbucks and the Starbucks logo are registered trademarks of Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
        Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Starbucks Rewards Visa credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                