Pricing &amp; Terms        Please take a moment to carefully review the Pricing 
&amp; Terms below. Pricing InformationInterest Rates and Interest ChargesPurchas
e Annual Percentage Rate (APR)17.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness. 
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.aBalance Transfer A
PR17.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness. These APRs will vary with th
e market based on the Prime Rate.aCash Advance APR26.49%. This APR will vary wit
h the market based on the Prime Rate.bHow to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesY
our due date will be a minimum of 21 days after the close of each billing cycle.
 We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by 
the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on balance transfers an
d cash advances on the transaction date.Minimum Interest ChargeNoneCredit Card T
ips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to 
consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Cons
umer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.Fee
sAnnual Membership Fee$0 Intro fee for the first year. After that, $95Transactio
n FeesBalance TransfersEither $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever
 is greater.Cash AdvancesEither $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whi
chever is greater. Foreign TransactionsNonePenalty FeesLate PaymentUp to $15 if 
the balance is less than $100; up to $27 if the balance is $100 to less than $25
0; up to $37 if the balance is $250 or more.Return PaymentUp to $37.Return Check
NoneNote: This account may not be eligible for balance transfers.How We Will Cal
culate Your Balance: We use the daily balance method (including new transactions
). Prime Rate: Variable APRs are based on the 4.75% Prime Rate as of 3/27/2018.a
We add 12.74% to 19.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Tran
sfer APR. Maximum APR 29.99%. bWe add 21.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the 
Cash Advance APR. Maximum APR 29.99%. MILITARY LENDING ACT NOTICE: Federal law p
rovides important protections to members of the Armed Forces and their dependent
s relating to extensions of consumer credit. In general, the cost of consumer cr
edit to a member of the Armed Forces and his or her dependent may not exceed an 
annual percentage rate of 36 percent. This rate must include, as applicable to t
he credit transaction or account: the costs associated with credit insurance pre
miums; fees for ancillary products sold in connection with the credit transactio
n; any application fee charged (other than certain application fees for specifie
d credit transactions or accounts); and any participation fee charged (other tha
n certain participation fees for a credit card account). To receive this informa
tion and a description of your payment obligation verbally, please call 1-800-23
5-9978.TERMS &amp; CONDITIONSAuthorization: When you respond to this credit card
 offer from Chase Bank USA, N.A., a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. ("Cha
se", "we", or "us"), you agree to the following:You authorize us to obtain credi
t bureau reports that we will use when considering your application for credit. 
You also authorize us to obtain credit bureau reports and any other information 
about you in connection with: 1) extensions of credit on your account; 2) the ad
ministration, review or collection of your account; and 3) offering you enhanced
 or additional products and services. If you ask, we will tell you the name and 
address of the credit bureau from which we obtained a report about you.If an acc
ount is opened, you will receive a Cardmember Agreement with your card(s). You a
gree to the terms of this agreement by: using the account or any card, authorizi
ng their use, or making any payment on the account.When you give us your mobile 
phone number, we have your permission to contact you at that number about all yo
ur Chase or J.P. Morgan accounts. Your consent allows us to use text messaging, 
artificial or prerecorded voice messages and automatic dialing technology for in
formational and account service calls, but not for telemarketing or sales calls.
 It may include contact from companies working on our behalf to service your acc
ounts. Message and data rates may apply. You may contact us anytime to change th
ese preferences.Balance transfers will be applied to your account and sent to yo
ur designated payee(s) 10 days after we mail your new credit card. If you want t
o cancel or modify your balance transfer within this ten-day period and have rec
eived your credit card, please call the number on the back of your card. Otherwi
se, please call 1-888-338-9464. Please continue to make payments to your other a
ccount(s) until you know the balance has been paid.Rates, fees, and terms may ch
ange: We have the right to change the account terms (including the APRs) in acco
rdance with your Cardmember Agreement.Before we approve you for a credit card, w
e will review your credit report and the information you provide with your respo
nse to confirm that you meet the criteria for this offer. Based on this review, 
you may receive a card with different costs or you may not receive a card. If ap
proved for an account, your credit access line will be at least $5000. You must 
be at least 18 years old to qualify (19 in AL and NE, 21 in Puerto Rico). An app
licant, if married, may apply for a separate account.We reserve the right to cha
nge the benefit features associated with your card at any time.New York Resident
s: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Ser
vices at 1-800-342-3736 or go to www.dfs.ny.gov to obtain a comparative list of 
credit card rates, fees, and grace periods.Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against
 discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all 
customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate histories on eac
h individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers complian
ce with the law.Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marit
al property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree adversely affects ou
r rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order 
before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of the adverse obligatio
n. All obligations on this account will be incurred in the interest of your marr
iage or family. You understand that we may be required to give notice of this ac
count to your spouse. Married Wisconsin residents must furnish their (the applic
ant's) name and social security number as well as the name and address of their 
spouse to Cardmember Service at P.O. Box 15366, Wilmington, DE 19850-5366.Balanc
e Transfer OptionBalance transfers are contingent upon issuance of your account 
with us.The total amount of your request(s) including fees and interest charges 
cannot exceed your available credit or $15,000, whichever is lower.We will not p
rocess any balance transfer requests that are from any other account or loan tha
t we (Chase Bank USA, N.A.) or any of our affiliates issued.Balance transfers ar
e subject to the transaction fee shown in the enclosed "Pricing Information."We 
will evaluate your balance transfer requests in the order listed on your respons
e. If your request(s) exceeds the amount that we approve, we may either decline 
the request or send less than the full amount requested to your designated payee
.Each transfer will reduce your available credit just like any other transaction
. You will see a payment for the amount transferred on the statement from your o
ther accounts. It may take up to three weeks to set up your new account with us 
and process the balance transfer(s), so you may still need to make payments to y
our other accounts to keep them current.Affiliate Information Sharing: We and ou
r affiliates may share information about you among affiliates in order to offer 
products and services of interest to you. If you would prefer that we do not sha
re information from your application, credit bureaus or third parties, please ca
ll us at 1-888-868-8618. For more information about our information handling pol
icies, visit us on the web at http://www.chase.com/privacypolicy.Replying to thi
s offer: If you omit any information on the form, we may deny your request for a
n account. Chase cardmembers who currently have or have had a Chase credit card 
in any Rewards Program associated with this offer, may not be eligible for a sec
ond Chase credit card in the same Rewards Program. Chase cardmembers currently r
eceiving promotional pricing, or Chase cardmembers with a history of only using 
their current or prior Chase card for promotional pricing offers, are not eligib
le for a second Chase credit card with promotional pricing. You must have a vali
d permanent home address within the 50 United States, District of Columbia, Unit
ed States territories or a United States military address. The information about
 the costs of the card described in this form is accurate as of 3/27/2018. This 
information may have changed after that date. To find out what may have changed,
 write to us at Cardmember Service, P.O. Box 15043, Wilmington, DE 19850-5043.US
A PATRIOT Act: Please note: Federal law requires all financial institutions to o
btain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an A
ccount such as your name, address, date of birth, and other information that wil
l allow us to identify you. We may also ask for other identifying documents.   ©
 2018 JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.