Pricing &amp; Terms        Please take a moment to carefully review the Pricing 
&amp; Terms below. Pricing InformationInterest Rates and Interest ChargesPurchas
e Annual Percentage Rate (APR)0% fixed Intro APR for the first 12 months that yo
ur Account is open. After that, 14.74% to 20.74%, based on your creditworthiness
. These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.aBalance Transfer
 APR0% fixed Intro APR for the first 12 months that your Account is open. After 
that, 14.74% to 20.74%, based on your creditworthiness. These APRs will vary wit
h the market based on the Prime Rate.aCash Advance APR26.49%. This APR will vary
 with the market based on the Prime Rate.bDefault APR and When It AppliesUp to 2
9.99%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.cThe Default A
PR may be applicable to your Account if you:fail to make any Minimum Payment by 
the date and time due (late payment); ormake a payment to us that is returned un
paid.How Long Will the Default APR Apply: If an APR is increased for any of thes
e reasons, the Default APR may apply indefinitely to all outstanding balances an
d future transactions on your Account.Grace PeriodYour due date will be a minimu
m of 20 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you inter
est on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We w
ill begin charging interest on balance transfers and cash advances on the transa
ction date.Minimum Interest ChargeNoneFeesAnnual Membership FeeNoneTransaction F
eesBalance TransfersEither $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is
 greater.Cash AdvancesEither $15 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whiche
ver is greater. Foreign Transactions3% of each transaction in U.S. dollars.Penal
ty FeesLate Payment $15 if the balance is less than $100; $29  if the balance is
 $100 or more, but less than $250; and $39 if the balance is $250 or more.Return
 Payment$39Return CheckNoneNote: This account may not be eligible for balance tr
ansfers.Loss of Intro APR: We will end your Introductory APR if you fail to make
 any required Minimum Payment by the date and time due and the Default APR will 
take effect.How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use the daily balance method 
(including new transactions). Prime Rate: Variable APRs are based on the 4.75% P
rime Rate as of 3/27/2018.aWe add 9.99% to 15.99% to the Prime Rate to determine
 the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR. Maximum APR 29.99%. bWe add 21.74% to the Pr
ime Rate to determine the Cash Advance APR. Maximum APR 29.99%. cWe add up to 26
.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Default APR. Maximum APR 29.99%. TERMS &
amp; CONDITIONSAuthorization: When you ("you", "your" means the owner, officer, 
or partner of the company with the authority to bind the company to the terms &a
mp; conditions of this offer and the Business Card Agreement, and who is agreein
g to the terms on their own behalf and that of the company) respond to this cred
it card offer from Chase Bank USA, N.A., a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co
. ("Chase", "we", or "us"), you agree to the following:You authorize us to obtai
n credit bureau reports that we will use when considering your application for c
redit. You also authorize us to obtain credit bureau reports and any other infor
mation about you in connection with: 1) extensions of credit on your account; 2)
 the administration, review or collection of your account; and 3) offering you e
nhanced or additional products and services. If you ask, we will tell you the na
me and address of the credit bureau from which we obtained a report about you.If
 an account is opened, you will receive a Business Card Agreement with your card
(s). You agree to the terms of this agreement by: using the account or any card,
 authorizing their use, or making any payment on the account.When you give us yo
ur mobile phone number, we have your permission to contact you at that number ab
out all your Chase or J.P. Morgan accounts. Your consent allows us to use text m
essaging, artificial or prerecorded voice messages and automatic dialing technol
ogy for informational and account service calls, but not for telemarketing or sa
les calls. It may include contact from companies working on our behalf to servic
e your accounts. Message and data rates may apply. You may contact us anytime to
 change these preferences.Rates, fees, and terms may change: We have the right t
o change the account terms (including the APRs) in accordance with your Business
 Card Agreement.You also certify you have the authority to permit us to issue yo
ur credit card containing the Company name if completed on the form.Individual a
nd Company Liability: You understand that by responding to this offer you agree 
to be personally responsible, both individually and jointly with the Company, fo
r payment of all balances incurred on all cards and accounts issued pursuant to 
this application now or whenever such additional accounts may be established in 
the future. You understand that if you leave the employment of the Company, you 
will continue to be responsible for the outstanding balances on the accounts. Yo
u must notify us immediately to close the accounts and prevent further usage.Bef
ore we approve you for a credit card, we will review your credit report, informa
tion about the Company, including financial information, and the information you
 provide with your response to confirm that you and the Company meet the criteri
a for this offer. Based on this review, you may receive a card with different co
sts or you may not receive a card. If approved for an account, your credit acces
s line will be at least $3000. We may request additional information for a credi
t access line above $25,000. If an account is approved, all cardmembers will hav
e access to 100% of the approved credit access line and any amount over the cred
it access line that we authorize. If you would like to set spending limits on an
y cardmembers, please contact our Cardmember Service Department after the accoun
t has been opened. By becoming a Visa Business Card cardmember, you agree that t
he card is being used only for business purposes and that the card is being issu
ed to a public or private company including a sole proprietor or employees or co
ntractors of an organization.You must be at least 18 years old to qualify (19 in
 AL and NE).We reserve the right to change the benefit features associated with 
your card at any time.Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination requi
re that all creditors make credit equally available to all customers, and that c
redit reporting agencies maintain separate histories on each individual upon req
uest. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with the law.Balan
ce Transfer OptionBalance transfers are contingent upon issuance of your account
 with us.The total amount of your request(s) including fees and interest charges
 cannot exceed your available credit or $15,000, whichever is lower.We will not 
process any balance transfer requests that are from any other account or loan th
at we (Chase Bank USA, N.A.) or any of our affiliates issued.Balance transfers a
re subject to the transaction fee shown in the enclosed "Pricing Information."We
 will evaluate your balance transfer requests in the order listed on your respon
se. If your request(s) exceeds the amount that we approve, we may either decline
 the request or send less than the full amount requested to your designated paye
e.Each transfer will reduce your available credit just like any other transactio
n. You will see a payment for the amount transferred on the statement from your 
other accounts. It may take up to three weeks to set up your new account with us
 and process the balance transfer(s), so you may still need to make payments to 
your other accounts to keep them current.You agree that all transferred balances
 consist of business-related expenses.Replying to this offer: If you omit any in
formation on the form, we may deny your request for an account. Chase cardmember
s who currently have or have had a Chase credit card in any Rewards Program asso
ciated with this offer, may not be eligible for a second Chase credit card in th
e same Rewards Program. Chase cardmembers currently receiving promotional pricin
g, or Chase cardmembers with a history of only using their current or prior Chas
e card for promotional pricing offers, are not eligible for a second Chase credi
t card with promotional pricing. You must have a valid permanent home address, a
nd the Company must be headquartered, within the 50 United States or the Distric
t of Columbia. All beneficial owners and employee cardmembers must have a reside
ntial address within the 50 United States or the District of Columbia. The infor
mation about the costs of the card described in this form is accurate as of 3/27
/2018. This information may have changed after that date. To find out what may h
ave changed, write to us at Cardmember Service, P.O. Box 15043, Wilmington, DE 1
9850-5043.USA PATRIOT Act: Please note: Federal law requires all financial insti
tutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person wh
o opens an Account such as your name, address, date of birth, and other informat
ion that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask for other identifying do
cuments. Our policies may also require additional information about you or any p
erson associated with you or with the account during application to assure that 
we comply with "Know Your Customer" requirements. We may decline your applicatio
n if we are unable to obtain information in order to satisfy our "Know Your Cust
omer" requirements. By opening an account with us, you confirm that neither you 
nor any beneficial owner of any account is covered by any sanctions programs adm
inistered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign 
Asset Control.   © 2018 JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.