                                                                                
                                                        75,000 Bonus Points     
                                                                   This new card
member bonus offer is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this bu
siness credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this business credit card wh
o received a new cardmember bonus for this business credit card within the last 
24 months. To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $
3,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do no
t include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, 
money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets,
 casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any che
cks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and 
fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, ple
ase allow up to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your Marriott Rewards accoun
t. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default 
at the time of fulfillment. If your account is not open for at least 6 months, M
arriott and Chase reserve the right to deduct the bonus points from your Marriot
t Rewards account.                                                              
                              Earn Points                                       
                                 Rewards Program Agreement: For more information
 about the Marriott Rewards® Premier Business card rewards program, view the lat
est Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once 
your card account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Re
wards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com.   
       How you can earn points: You'll earn points when you, or an authorized us
er, use a Marriott Rewards® credit card to make purchases of products and servic
es, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in mo
st cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions
 won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other c
ash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers o
r similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, u
nauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee
, if applicable. 5 points ("5X points"): You'll earn 5 points for each $1 spent 
on qualifying purchases made at participating Marriott® and The Ritz-Carlton® lo
cations, and all Starwood-branded hotels which participate in Starwood Preferred
 Guest®, including participating: Four Points® by Sheraton, Sheraton® hotels, Al
oft® Hotels, W® Hotels, Le Meridien® hotels, The Luxury Collection® hotels, Elem
ent® hotels, Westin® hotels, St. Regis® hotels, Tribute Portfolio™ and Design Ho
tels™ properties. "Participating Marriott and The Ritz-Carlton locations" means 
all Marriott and The Ritz-Carlton branded hotels which participate in Marriott R
ewards or The Ritz-Carlton Rewards®. Go to marriottrewards.com, ritzcarltonrewar
ds.com, or spg.com,, as applicable, for a list of participating locations. You w
ill only receive the accelerated earn of 5 points for each $1 spent from the cre
dit card program. You will not receive additional points under the Marriott Rewa
rds program for stays at participating SPG® locations. 2 points ("2X points"): Y
ou'll earn 2 points for each $1 spent in the following rewards categories: resta
urants; airline tickets purchased directly from the airline; car rental agencies
; office supply stores; and internet, cable, and phone services. 1 point ("1X po
ints"): You'll earn 1 point for each $1 spent on all other purchases. Informatio
n about earning/transferring points to Marriott Rewards: Points earned during a 
billing cycle will be automatically transferred to Marriott Rewards after the en
d of each billing cycle. Points expiration: The points transferred to your Marri
ott Rewards account won't expire as long as there is card earning activity or ot
her qualifying earning or redemption activity every 24 months. If your card acco
unt is closed, you'll lose the points in your Marriott Rewards account if you do
n't have any other qualifying earning or redemption activity every 24 months. Fo
r details on this points expiration policy, visit www.marriott.com/marriott-rewa
rds/terms/expiration.mi. Losing points: You'll immediately lose all points that 
haven't been transferred to Marriott Rewards if your card account status changes
, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, fail
ure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards P
rogram Agreement. All Marriott Rewards terms and conditions apply, available at 
marriottrewards.com. Rewards Categories: Merchants who accept Visa/MasterCard cr
edit cards are assigned a merchant code, which is determined by the merchant or 
its processor in accordance with Visa/MasterCard procedures based on the kinds o
f products and services they primarily sell. We group similar merchant codes int
o categories for purposes of making rewards offers to you. Please note: We make 
every effort to include all relevant merchant codes in our rewards categories. H
owever, even though a merchant or some of the items that it sells may appear to 
fit within a rewards category, the merchant may not have a merchant code in that
 category. When this occurs, purchases with that merchant won't qualify for rewa
rds offers on purchases in that category. Purchases submitted by you, an authori
zed user, or the merchant through third-party payment accounts, mobile or wirele
ss card readers, online or mobile digital wallets, or similar technology will no
t qualify in a rewards category if the technology is not set up to process the p
urchase in that rewards category. For more information about Chase rewards categ
ories, see www.Chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs.                                   
                                                         Points Don't Expire Pro
gram Requirements                                                               
         Your points will not expire as long as you remain an active member in t
he Marriott Rewards Program. You remain active by doing one or more of the follo
wing during any 24-month period: (a) have an eligible stay at a participating pr
operty; (b) earn Rewards Points by using a Marriott Rewards Visa Credit Card for
 purchases (note that paying the credit card annual membership fee is not consid
ered purchase activity); or (c) otherwise earn Rewards Points or miles in accord
ance with the Marriott Rewards Program terms and conditions. Purchases are when 
you, or an authorized user, use the card to make purchases of products and servi
ces, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in m
ost cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transaction
s won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers
 checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like tra
nsactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar be
tting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized 
or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applica
ble. If you do not remain an active member, then Marriott Rewards reserves the r
ight, in its sole discretion, to close your Marriott Rewards account without not
ice to you. In the event your Marriott Rewards account is closed, all unredeemed
 points in your Marriott Rewards account will be forfeited.                     
                                                                       Free Nigh
t Each Year                                                                     
   Please allow up to 8 weeks from your account anniversary date for your Annive
rsary Free Night Stay E-Certificate to be automatically deposited into your Marr
iott Rewards Account. Anniversary Free Night Stay E-Certificate is valid for hot
els in categories 1-5. For participating category 1-5 locations, log on to Marri
ottRewards.com/Use or call 1-800-321-7396. All E-Certificates issued will have a
n expiration of 12 months. E-Certificates may not be transferred, extended beyon
d the expiration date, or re-credited for points. To qualify for the Anniversary
 Free Night Stay E-Certificate, your account must be open and not in default on 
your account anniversary date. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment. A
nnual fee applies after the first year. For pricing details, please see Pricing 
&amp; Terms.                                                                    
                        Free Night Redemption                                   
                                     Marriott Rewards points needed for a standa
rd reward free night range from 7,500 points for Category 1 hotels to 45,000 poi
nts for Category 9 hotels. Refer to MarriottRewards.com for all reward redemptio
n values.                                                                       
                     Automatic Silver Elite Status                              
                                          You will automatically receive Silver 
Elite Status each account anniversary year as a cardmember ("Account anniversary
 year" means the year beginning with account open date through the anniversary o
f your account open date, and each 12 months after that). Please allow up to 8 w
eeks from account open date for your initial Silver Elite Status award to be app
lied to your Marriott Rewards account. To qualify for and maintain Silver Elite 
Status your account must be open and not in default. If you do not qualify for S
ilver Elite status as a cardmember, in order to receive Silver Elite benefits yo
u must qualify for Silver Elite Status under the terms of the Marriott Rewards p
rogram. Only one Marriott Rewards Credit Card account per Rewards member (Reward
s member must be the primary cardmember on that account), is eligible for the Si
lver Elite Status award. Chase Bank USA, N.A. is not responsible for offer fulfi
llment or the provision of or failure to provide the Silver Elite benefits and s
ervices.                                                                        
                    Path to Gold Status                                         
                               Each Account Anniversary Year you make purchases 
totaling $50,000 or more you will qualify for Gold Elite Status through December
 31 of the following year. ("Account Anniversary Year" means the year beginning 
with your account open date through the first statement after the anniversary of
 your account open date, and each twelve billing cycles thereafter.) Purchases a
re when you, or an authorized user, use the card to make purchases of products a
nd services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your ca
rd, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of tra
nsactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances, t
ravelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-
like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or si
milar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unaut
horized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if
 applicable. Please allow up to 8 weeks after qualifying for the Gold Elite Stat
us award to be applied to your Marriott Rewards account. To qualify for and main
tain Gold Elite Status your account must be open and not in default. If you do n
ot qualify for this bonus offer, in order to receive Gold Elite benefits you mus
t qualify for Gold Elite Status under the terms of the Marriott Rewards program.
 Only one Marriott Rewards Premier Business Credit Card account per Rewards memb
er (Rewards member must be the primary cardmember on that account) is eligible f
or the Gold Elite Status award. Chase Bank USA, N.A. is not responsible for offe
r fulfillment or the provision of or failure to provide the Gold Elite benefits 
and services.                                                                   
                         Adding Authorized Users                                
                                        If any of your employees are allowed to 
use your account, they will be authorized users and will have the same charging 
privileges as you unless you establish individual spending limits for them. You 
are responsible for any use of your account by you, an authorized user or anyone
 else that you permit to use your account. You are responsible for repaying all 
balances on your account. All correspondence, including statements and notificat
ions, will be sent to you. By submitting this request to add a user to your acco
unt, you are confirming that you have a relationship with the individual(s) whos
e name and address you've provided, that all their information is correct, and t
hat you have their consent to add them. If Chase determines you've given us frau
dulent information or did not have such consent, Chase can close this account.  
                                                                                
          Concierge Service                                                     
                   Cardmembers are responsible for the cost of any goods or serv
ices purchased through Visa Signature Concierge.                                
                                                                                
                                                    Marriott Rewards Credit Card
s are available to US residents that have a valid permanent home address within 
the 50 United States or the District of Columbia only.                          
                                                                  MARRIOTT REWAR
DS PROGRAM INFORMATION                                                          
              Points accrued and awards issued are subject to the terms and cond
itions of the Marriott Rewards program. Click here, for complete terms and condi
tions of the Marriott Rewards program, including all redemption values, or refer
 to MarriottRewards.com. Terms and conditions of the Marriott Rewards program ma
y be modified and services and benefits may be added or deleted at any time with
out notice to Cardmembers. Individuals whose request for a credit card are not a
pproved will not be enrolled in the Marriott Rewards program through this offer,
 although existing Marriott Rewards memberships will not be affected. Additional
 authorized users will not be enrolled in the Marriott Rewards program as a resu
lt of this offer. Marriott Rewards points awarded through the use of the authori
zed user's card will only be credited to the Authorizing Officer's Marriott Rewa
rds account.Associates of Marriott International, Inc. and its subsidiaries will
 only receive the accelerated earn of 5 points for each dollar spent at particip
ating hotels from the credit card program and will not receive additional points
 under the Marriott Rewards Program for stays at participating Marriott, the Rit
z-Carlton or SPG® locations.                                                    
                                                                                
                                Accounts subject to credit approval. Restriction
s and limitations apply. Marriott Rewards credit cards are issued by Chase Bank 
USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                      