Earn $500 Bonus Cash Back                                                       
                 You will receive 50,000 bonus points with this bonus offer, whi
ch can be redeemed for $500 cash back. To qualify and receive your bonus, you mu
st make Purchases totaling $3,000 or more during the first 3 months from account
 opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, traveler
s checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like tr
ansactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar b
etting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized
 or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applic
able.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to y
our account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not i
n default at the time of fulfillment.                                           
                                                 Earning Points                 
                                                       Rewards Program Agreement
: For more information about the Ink Business Cash rewards program, view the lat
est Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once 
your account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards
 Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com/ultimate
rewards.        Cash Back and Points: "Cash Back rewards" are the rewards you ea
rn under the program. Cash Back rewards are tracked as points and each $1 in Cas
h Back rewards earned is equal to 100 points. You may see "Cash Back" in marketi
ng materials when referring to the rewards you earn. How you can earn points: Yo
u'll earn points when you, or an authorized user, use an Ink Business Cash card 
to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying pro
ducts and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; howe
ver, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: bala
nce transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, 
casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any chec
ks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and f
ees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1% Cash Back: You'll ea
rn 1% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent. 2% Cash Back: You'll earn 2% Cash Bac
k rewards total for each $1 of the first $25,000 spent each account anniversary 
year on combined purchases in the following rewards categories: gas stations and
 restaurants (1% additional Cash Back rewards on top of the 1% Cash Back rewards
 earned on each purchase). After $25,000 is spent on combined purchases in these
 categories each account anniversary year, you go back to earning 1% Cash Back r
ewards for every dollar spent, with no maximum. 5% Cash Back: You'll earn 5% Cas
h Back rewards total for each $1 of the first $25,000 spent each account anniver
sary year on combined purchases in the following rewards categories: office supp
ly stores; internet, cable, and phone services (4% additional Cash Back rewards 
on top of the 1% Cash Back rewards earned on each purchase). After $25,000 is sp
ent on combined purchases in these categories each account anniversary year, you
 go back to earning 1% Cash Back rewards for every dollar spent, with no maximum
. How you can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for any availab
le reward options, including cash, gift cards, travel, and products or services 
made available through the program or directly from third party merchants. Redem
ption values for reward options may vary. Points expiration/losing points: Your 
points don't expire as long as your account remains open, however, you will imme
diately lose all your points if your account status changes, or your account is 
closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or
 other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. Rewards 
Categories: Merchants who accept Visa/MasterCard credit cards are assigned a mer
chant code, which is determined by the merchant or its processor in accordance w
ith Visa/MasterCard procedures based on the kinds of products and services they 
primarily sell. We group similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of 
making rewards offers to you. Please note: We make every effort to include all r
elevant merchant codes in our rewards categories. However, even though a merchan
t or some of the items that it sells may appear to fit within a rewards category
, the merchant may not have a merchant code in that category. When this occurs, 
purchases with that merchant won't qualify for rewards offers on purchases in th
at category. Purchases submitted by you, an authorized user, or the merchant thr
ough third-party payment accounts, mobile or wireless card readers, online or mo
bile digital wallets, or similar technology will not qualify in a rewards catego
ry if the technology is not set up to process the purchase in that rewards categ
ory. For more information about Chase rewards categories, see www.Chase.com/Rewa
rdsCategoryFAQs.                                                                
                            Employee Cards                                      
                                  If any employees are allowed to use the accoun
t, they will be authorized users and will have equal charging privileges unless 
individual spending limits are established for them. You, as the Authorizing Off
icer, together with the company are responsible for any use of the account by yo
u, an authorized user or anyone else permitted to use the account. You, together
 with company, are responsible for repaying all balances on the account. All cor
respondence, including statements and notifications, will be sent to you as the 
Authorizing Officer. By requesting to add an employee cardholder to the account,
 you represent all information provided is accurate and is for persons with whic
h the company has a relationship. You also represent that company has permission
 to provide the employee information to Chase and to add the employee as a cardh
older. If Chase determines any information provided is fraudulent, Chase has the
 right to close the account.                                                    
                                                                                
                                Accounts subject to credit approval. Restriction
s and limitations apply. Ink Business CashSM credit cards are issued by Chase Ba
nk USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.