                                                                                
                                                        100,000 Bonus Points    
                                                                    The product 
is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of the Marriott Rewards Premi
er or Marriott Rewards Premier Plus credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of
 the Marriott Rewards Premier or Marriott Rewards Premier Plus credit card who r
eceived a new cardmember bonus within the last 24 months. If you are an existing
 Marriott Rewards Premier customer and would like this product, please call the 
number on the back of your card to see if you are eligible for a product change.
 You will not receive the new cardmember bonus if you change products. To qualif
y and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $5,000 or more during
 the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance tr
ansfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire t
ransfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips
, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your
 account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, in
cluding an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow up to 8 we
eks for bonus points to post to your Marriott Rewards account. To be eligible fo
r this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfi
llment. If your account is not open for at least 6 months, Marriott and Chase re
serve the right to deduct the bonus points from your Marriott Rewards account.  
                                                                                
          Earning Bonus Points                                                  
                      Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the 
Marriott Rewards® Premier Plus card rewards program, view the latest Rewards Pro
gram Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your card accou
nt is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program A
greement will also be available after logging in to chase.com.          How you 
can earn points: You'll earn points when you, or an authorized user, use a Marri
ott Rewards® credit card to make purchases of products and services, minus retur
ns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will 
count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count an
d won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transa
ctions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betti
ng transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or 
fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable
. 6 points ("6X points"): You'll earn 6 points for each $1 spent on qualifying p
urchases made at participating Marriott® and The Ritz-Carlton® locations, and al
l Starwood-branded hotels which participate in Starwood Preferred Guest®, includ
ing participating: Four Points® by Sheraton, Sheraton® hotels, Aloft® Hotels, W®
 Hotels, Le Meridien® hotels, The Luxury Collection® hotels, Element® hotels, We
stin® hotels, St. Regis® hotels, Tribute Portfolio™ and Design Hotels™ propertie
s. "Participating Marriott and The Ritz-Carlton locations" means all Marriott an
d The Ritz-Carlton branded hotels which participate in Marriott Rewards or The R
itz-Carlton Rewards®. Go to marriottrewards.com, ritzcarltonrewards.com, or spg.
com, as applicable, for a list of participating locations. You may see "6X" in m
arketing materials to refer to the 6 points you earn for each dollar spent at pa
rticipating Marriott, The Ritz-Carlton, and Starwood locations. You will only re
ceive the accelerated earn of 6 points for each $1 spent from the credit card pr
ogram. You will not receive additional points under the Marriott Rewards program
 for stays at participating SPG® locations. 2 points ("2X points"): You'll earn 
2 points for each $1 spent on all other purchases. You may see "2X" in marketing
 materials to refer to the 2 points you earn for each $1 spent on all other purc
hases. Information about earning/transferring points to Marriott Rewards: Points
 earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to Marriott Rew
ards after the end of each billing cycle. Points expiration: The points transfer
red to your Marriott Rewards account won't expire as long as there is card earni
ng activity or other qualifying earning or redemption activity every 24 months. 
If your card account is closed, you'll lose the points in your Marriott Rewards 
account if you don't have any other qualifying earning or redemption activity ev
ery 24 months. For details on this points expiration policy, visit www.marriott.
com/marriott-rewards/terms/expiration.mi. Losing points: You'll immediately lose
 all points that haven't been transferred to Marriott Rewards if your card accou
nt status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent
 activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms
 of the Rewards Program Agreement. All Marriott Rewards terms and conditions app
ly, available at marriottrewards.com.                                           
                                                 Points Don't Expire Program Req
uirements                                                                       
 Your points will not expire as long as you remain an active member in the Marri
ott Rewards Program. You remain active by doing one or more of the following dur
ing any 24-month period: (a) have an eligible stay at a participating property; 
(b) earn Rewards Points by using a Marriott Rewards Visa Credit Card for purchas
es (note that paying the credit card annual membership fee is not considered pur
chase activity); or (c) otherwise earn Rewards Points or miles in accordance wit
h the Marriott Rewards Program terms and conditions. Purchases are when you, or 
an authorized user, use the card to make purchases of products and services, min
us returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most case
s, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't 
count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks,
 foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transaction
s, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting tr
ansactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraud
ulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. If 
you do not remain an active member, then Marriott Rewards reserves the right, in
 its sole discretion, to close your Marriott Rewards account without notice to y
ou. In the event your Marriott Rewards account is closed, all unredeemed points 
in your Marriott Rewards account will be forfeited.                             
                                                               Free Night Award 
Each Year                                                                       
 Please allow up to 8 weeks from your account anniversary date for your Annivers
ary Free Night Award e-certificate to be automatically deposited in to your Marr
iott Rewards Account. Account anniversary date is the date that is twelve months
 after your account open date, and the same date each twelve months thereafter. 
Your Anniversary Free Night Award is valid for a one night hotel stay at a prope
rty with a redemption level up to 35,000 points. Your e-certificate may not be c
ombined with cash or other Marriott Rewards points when redeeming for your free 
night, and may not be transferred, extended beyond expiration date, or re-credit
ed for points. Each Anniversary Free Night Award issued will have an expiration 
of 12 months. For the list of participating hotels where you can redeem the 35,0
00 points, log on to MarriottRewards.com/Use or call 1-800-321-7396. To qualify 
for the Anniversary Free Night Award, your account must be open and not in defau
lt on your account anniversary date. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillm
ent. Annual fee applies. For pricing details, please see Pricing &amp; Terms.   
                                                                                
         Free Night Redemption                                                  
                      The number of Marriott Rewards points needed for a standar
d reward free night starts at 7,500 points. Refer to MarriottRewards.com for all
 reward redemption values.                                                      
                                      15 Elite Night Credits Annually           
                                                             Each calendar year 
a maximum of 15 Elite Night credits will be credited to one of your Marriott Loy
alty Program accounts operated by Marriott International (i.e., Marriott Rewards
®, Starwood Preferred Guest® or The Ritz-Carlton Rewards®) (the "Marriott Loyalt
y Program") on or before March 1 in accordance with the Marriott Loyalty Program
 terms and conditions. To qualify for the 15 Elite Night credits, you must be th
e primary cardmember and your credit card account must be open and not in defaul
t as of December 31 of the prior year and you must be a member in good standing 
with the Marriott Loyalty Program. A maximum of 15 Elite Night credits will be a
warded per Marriott Loyalty Program member even if the Marriott Loyalty Program 
member has more than one Marriott Rewards, Starwood Preferred Guest, or Ritz-Car
lton Rewards credit card account or is a member of more than one Marriott Loyalt
y Program. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or
 failure to provide the stated benefits and services.                           
                                                                 Automatic Silve
r Elite Status                                                                  
      You will automatically receive Silver Elite Status each account anniversar
y year as a cardmember ("Account anniversary year" means the year beginning with
 account open date through the anniversary of your account open date, and each 1
2 months after that). Please allow up to 8 weeks from account open date for your
 initial Silver Elite Status award to be applied to your Marriott Rewards accoun
t. To qualify for and maintain Silver Elite Status your account must be open and
 not in default. If you do not qualify for Silver Elite status as a cardmember, 
in order to receive Silver Elite benefits you must qualify for Silver Elite Stat
us under the terms of the Marriott Rewards program. Only one Marriott Rewards Cr
edit Card account per Rewards member (Rewards member must be the primary cardmem
ber on that account), is eligible for the Silver Elite Status award. Chase Bank 
USA, N.A. is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or failur
e to provide the Silver Elite benefits and services.                            
                                                                Path to Gold Sta
tus                                                                        Each 
Account Anniversary Year you make purchases totaling $35,000 or more you will qu
alify for Gold Elite Status through December 31 of the following year. ("Account
 Anniversary Year" means the year beginning with your account open date through 
the first statement after the anniversary of your account open date, and each tw
elve billing cycles thereafter.) Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, 
use the card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refund
s. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a p
urchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn
 points: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, m
oney orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, 
casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any chec
ks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and f
ees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Please allow up to 8 we
eks after qualifying for the Gold Elite Status award to be applied to your Marri
ott Rewards account. To qualify for and maintain Gold Elite Status your account 
must be open and not in default. If you do not qualify for this bonus offer, in 
order to receive Gold Elite benefits you must qualify for Gold Elite Status unde
r the terms of the Marriott Rewards program. Only one Marriott Rewards Premier P
lus Credit Card account per Rewards member (Rewards member must be the primary c
ardmember on that account) is eligible for the Gold Elite Status award. Chase Ba
nk USA, N.A. is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or fai
lure to provide the Gold Elite benefits and services.                           
                                                                 Concierge Servi
ce                                                                        Cardme
mbers are responsible for the cost of any goods or services purchased through Vi
sa Signature Concierge.Marriott Rewards Credit Cards are available to US residen
ts that have a valid permanent home address within the 50 United States or the D
istrict of Columbia only.You agree that when you apply for a Marriott Rewards® c
redit card and for as long as you maintain an open account, your relationship wi
th Chase Bank USA, N.A. or other credit card issuers of Marriott International, 
Inc. may be disclosed to other Marriott®, Starwood® or Ritz-Carlton® credit card
 issuers.                                                                       
                     MARRIOTT REWARDS PROGRAM INFORMATION                       
                                                 Points accrued and awards issue
d are subject to the terms and conditions of the Marriott Rewards program. Click
 here, for complete terms and conditions of the Marriott Rewards program, includ
ing all redemption values, or refer to MarriottRewards.com.  Terms and condition
s of the Marriott Rewards program may be modified and services and benefits may 
be added or deleted at any time without notice to Cardmembers. Individuals whose
 request for a credit card are not approved will not be enrolled in the Marriott
 Rewards program through this offer, although existing Marriott Rewards membersh
ips will not be affected. Additional authorized users will not be enrolled in th
e Marriott Rewards program as a result of this offer. Marriott Rewards points aw
arded through the use of the authorized user's card will only be credited to the
 Primary Cardmember's Marriott Rewards account.        Associates of Marriott In
ternational, Inc. and its subsidiaries will only receive the accelerated earn of
 6 points for each dollar spent at participating hotels from the credit card pro
gram and will not receive additional points under the Marriott Rewards Program f
or stays at participating Marriott, the Ritz-Carlton or SPG® locations.        A
ccounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Marriott
 Rewards® credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to chang
e.                                                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                              