$150 Bonus
                        
                        
                        This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. You will receive 15,000 bonus points with this bonus offer, which can be redeemed for $150 cash back. To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $500 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.
                    
                    
                        
                            $25 Bonus
                        
                        
                        This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. You will receive 2,500 bonus points with this bonus offer, which can be redeemed for $25 cash back. To qualify for and receive your bonus, your First Purchase and addition of an authorized user to your account must both occur during the first 3 months from account opening. ("First Purchase" does not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.
                    
                    
                        
                            Adding An Authorized User
                        
                        
                        All correspondence, including credit cards, statements, and notifications will be sent to the name and address on file for the primary cardmember. The primary cardmember is responsible for repaying all balances on this account. Authorized users will have the same account number and charging privileges as the primary cardmember but will not be financially responsible. Chase provides account information to the credit reporting agencies for all account users. This information could impact an authorized user's credit score. When you tell us to add a user to your account, you're confirming that you have a relationship with the person or people whose name(s), address(es), and date of birth(s) you've told us, that all their information is correct, and that you have their consent to add them. If Chase determines you've given us fraudulent name, address, or date of birth information, or did not have such consent, Chase can close this account.
                    
                    
                        
                            Zero Liability Protection
                        
                        
                        Zero Liability Protection does not apply to use of an account by an authorized user without the approval of the primary cardmember. If you think someone used your account without permission, tell us immediately by calling the Cardmember Services number on your card or billing statement.
                    
                    
                        
                            Cash Back, Points
                        
                        
                        Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the Chase Freedom Unlimited rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com/ultimaterewards.
          Cash Back and Points: "Cash Back rewards" are the rewards you earn under the program. Cash Back rewards are tracked as points and each $1 in Cash Back rewards earned is equal to 100 points. You may simply see "Cash Back" in marketing materials when referring to the rewards you earn. How you can earn points: You'll earn points when you, or an authorized user, use a Chase Freedom Unlimited card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1.5% Cash Back: You'll earn 1.5% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent. How you can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for any available reward options, including cash, gift cards, travel, and products or services made available through the program or directly from third party merchants. Redemption values for reward options vary. Points expiration/losing points: Your points don't expire as long as your account remains open, however, you will immediately lose all your points if your account status changes, or your account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement.
                    
                    
                        
                            Shop With Points
                        
                        
                        Using your Points at Amazon.com Checkout (Shop with Points): Additional Chase and Amazon.com Shop with Points service terms apply. Learn more about Shop with Points by going to www.amazon.com/chasefreedomswp. Some or all documents, services, websites (whether controlled by Chase or others) and/or correspondence may be available only in English.Amazon, the Amazon.com logo and the smile logo are trademarks of Amazon or its affiliates.
                    
                    
                        
                            Alerts
                        
                        
                        Delivery of alerts may be delayed for various reasons, including service outages affecting your phone, wireless or Internet provider; technology failures; and system capacity limitations. There is no charge from Chase, but message and data rates may apply. Such charges include those from your communications service provider.Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Chase Freedom Unlimited credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                