Pricing &amp; Terms        Please take a moment to carefully review the Pricing 
&amp; Terms below. Pricing InformationInterest Rates and Interest ChargesPurchas
e Annual Percentage Rate (APR)17.49% to 22.49%, based on your creditworthiness. 
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.aBalance Transfer A
PR17.49% to 22.49%, based on your creditworthiness. These APRs will vary with th
e market based on the Prime Rate.aCash Advance APR26.49%. This APR will vary wit
h the market based on the Prime Rate.bDefault APR and When It AppliesUp to 29.99
%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.cThe Default APR m
ay be applicable to your Account if you:fail to make any Minimum Payment by the 
date and time due (late payment); ormake a payment to us that is returned unpaid
.How Long Will the Default APR Apply: If an APR is increased for any of these re
asons, the Default APR may apply indefinitely to all outstanding balances and fu
ture transactions on your Account.Grace PeriodYour due date will be a minimum of
 20 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest 
on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. We will 
begin charging interest on balance transfers and cash advances on the transactio
n date.Minimum Interest ChargeNoneFeesAnnual Membership Fee$95Transaction FeesBa
lance TransfersEither $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is grea
ter.Cash AdvancesEither $15 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever i
s greater. Foreign TransactionsNonePenalty FeesLate Payment $15 if the balance i
s less than $100; $29  if the balance is $100 or more, but less than $250; and $
39 if the balance is $250 or more.Return Payment$39Return CheckNoneNote: This ac
count may not be eligible for balance transfers.How We Will Calculate Your Balan
ce: We use the daily balance method (including new transactions). Prime Rate: Va
riable APRs are based on the 4.75% Prime Rate as of 3/27/2018.aWe add 12.74% to 
17.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR. Maximum
 APR 29.99%. bWe add 21.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advance APR.
 Maximum APR 29.99%. cWe add up to 26.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Def
ault APR. Maximum APR 29.99%. TERMS &amp; CONDITIONSAuthorization: When you ("yo
u", "your" means the owner, officer, or partner of the company with the authorit
y to bind the company to the terms &amp; conditions of this offer and the Busine
ss Card Agreement, and who is agreeing to the terms on their own behalf and that
 of the company) respond to this credit card offer from Chase Bank USA, N.A., a 
subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. ("Chase", "we", or "us"), you agree to th
e following:You authorize us to obtain credit bureau reports that we will use wh
en considering your application for credit. You also authorize us to obtain cred
it bureau reports and any other information about you in connection with: 1) ext
ensions of credit on your account; 2) the administration, review or collection o
f your account; and 3) offering you enhanced or additional products and services
. If you ask, we will tell you the name and address of the credit bureau from wh
ich we obtained a report about you.If an account is opened, you will receive a B
usiness Card Agreement with your card(s). You agree to the terms of this agreeme
nt by: using the account or any card, authorizing their use, or making any payme
nt on the account.When you give us your mobile phone number, we have your permis
sion to contact you at that number about all your Chase or J.P. Morgan accounts.
 Your consent allows us to use text messaging, artificial or prerecorded voice m
essages and automatic dialing technology for informational and account service c
alls, but not for telemarketing or sales calls. It may include contact from comp
anies working on our behalf to service your accounts. Message and data rates may
 apply. You may contact us anytime to change these preferences.Rates, fees, and 
terms may change: We have the right to change the account terms (including the A
PRs) in accordance with your Business Card Agreement.You also certify you have t
he authority to permit us to issue your credit card containing the Company name 
if completed on the form.Individual and Company Liability: You understand that b
y responding to this offer you agree to be personally responsible, both individu
ally and jointly with the Company, for payment of all balances incurred on all c
ards and accounts issued pursuant to this application now or whenever such addit
ional accounts may be established in the future. You understand that if you leav
e the employment of the Company, you will continue to be responsible for the out
standing balances on the accounts. You must notify us immediately to close the a
ccounts and prevent further usage.Before we approve you for a credit card, we wi
ll review your credit report, information about the Company, including financial
 information, and the information you provide with your response to confirm that
 you and the Company meet the criteria for this offer. Based on this review, you
 may receive a card with different costs or you may not receive a card. If appro
ved for an account, your credit access line will be at least $5000. We may reque
st additional information for a credit access line above $25,000. If an account 
is approved, all cardmembers will have access to 100% of the approved credit acc
ess line and any amount over the credit access line that we authorize. If you wo
uld like to set spending limits on any cardmembers, please contact our Cardmembe
r Service Department after the account has been opened. By becoming a Visa Busin
ess Card cardmember, you agree that the card is being used only for business pur
poses and that the card is being issued to a public or private company including
 a sole proprietor or employees or contractors of an organization.You must be at
 least 18 years old to qualify (19 in AL and NE).We reserve the right to change 
the benefit features associated with your card at any time.Ohio Residents: The O
hio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally a
vailable to all customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate 
histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission admi
nisters compliance with the law.Balance Transfer OptionBalance transfers are con
tingent upon issuance of your account with us.The total amount of your request(s
) including fees and interest charges cannot exceed your available credit or $15
,000, whichever is lower.We will not process any balance transfer requests that 
are from any other account or loan that we (Chase Bank USA, N.A.) or any of our 
affiliates issued.Balance transfers are subject to the transaction fee shown in 
the enclosed "Pricing Information."We will evaluate your balance transfer reques
ts in the order listed on your response. If your request(s) exceeds the amount t
hat we approve, we may either decline the request or send less than the full amo
unt requested to your designated payee.Each transfer will reduce your available 
credit just like any other transaction. You will see a payment for the amount tr
ansferred on the statement from your other accounts. It may take up to three wee
ks to set up your new account with us and process the balance transfer(s), so yo
u may still need to make payments to your other accounts to keep them current.Yo
u agree that all transferred balances consist of business-related expenses.Reply
ing to this offer: If you omit any information on the form, we may deny your req
uest for an account. Chase cardmembers who currently have or have had a Chase cr
edit card in any Rewards Program associated with this offer, may not be eligible
 for a second Chase credit card in the same Rewards Program. Chase cardmembers c
urrently receiving promotional pricing, or Chase cardmembers with a history of o
nly using their current or prior Chase card for promotional pricing offers, are 
not eligible for a second Chase credit card with promotional pricing. You must h
ave a valid permanent home address, and the Company must be headquartered, withi
n the 50 United States or the District of Columbia. The information about the co
sts of the card described in this form is accurate as of 3/27/2018. This informa
tion may have changed after that date. To find out what may have changed, write 
to us at Cardmember Service, P.O. Box 15043, Wilmington, DE 19850-5043.USA PATRI
OT Act: Please note: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, 
verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an Account 
such as your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow
 us to identify you. We may also ask for other identifying documents. Our polici
es may also require additional information about you or any person associated wi
th you or with the account during application to assure that we comply with "Kno
w Your Customer" requirements. We may decline your application if we are unable 
to obtain information in order to satisfy our "Know Your Customer" requirements.
 By opening an account with us, you confirm that neither you nor any beneficial 
owner of any account is covered by any sanctions programs administered or enforc
ed by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Asset Control.   © 
2018 JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.