$200 Bonus Cash Back
                        
                        
                        This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. You will receive 20,000 bonus points with this bonus offer, which can be redeemed for $200 cash back. To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $500 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.
                    
                    
                        
                            Visa Signature Card
                        
                        
                        Before Chase approves you for a credit card, Chase will review your credit report and the information you provide with your response to confirm that you meet the criteria for this offer. Based on this review, you may receive a Visa Signature card or Visa Platinum card with different costs and/or benefits, or you may not receive a card. For pricing details, please see Pricing & Terms. For benefits details, please read your credit card benefits materials which will be mailed after your account is established.
                    
                    
                        
                            Earn Rewards
                        
                        
                        Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the AARP Credit Card from Chase rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com.
          Cash Back and Points: "Cash Back rewards" are the rewards you earn under the program. Cash Back rewards are tracked as points and each $1 in Cash Back rewards earned is equal to 100 points. You may simply see "Cash Back" in marketing materials when referring to the rewards you earn. How you can earn points: You'll earn points when you, or an authorized user, use an AARP Credit Card from Chase to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 3% Cash Back: You'll earn 3% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent on purchases in the following rewards categories: gas stations and restaurants. 1% Cash Back: You'll earn 1% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent on all other purchases. How you can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for any available reward options, including cash, an AARP® membership, gift cards, travel, and products or services made available through the program or directly from third party merchants. Redemption values for reward options vary. Points expiration/losing points: Your points don't expire as long as your account is open, however, you'll immediately lose all your points if your account status changes, or your account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. Rewards Categories: Merchants who accept Visa/MasterCard credit cards are assigned a merchant code, which is determined by the merchant or its processor in accordance with Visa/MasterCard procedures based on the kinds of products and services they primarily sell. We group similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers to you. Please note: We make every effort to include all relevant merchant codes in our rewards categories. However, even though a merchant or some of the items that it sells may appear to fit within a rewards category, the merchant may not have a merchant code in that category. When this occurs, purchases with that merchant won't qualify for rewards offers on purchases in that category. Purchases submitted by you, an authorized user, or the merchant through third-party payment accounts, mobile or wireless card readers, online or mobile digital wallets, or similar technology will not qualify in a rewards category if the technology is not set up to process the purchase in that rewards category. For more information about Chase rewards categories, see www.Chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs.
                    
                    
                        
                            Zero Liability Protection
                        
                        
                        Zero Liability Protection does not apply to use of an account by an authorized user without the approval of the primary cardmember. If you think someone used your account without permission, tell us immediately by calling the Cardmember Services number on your card or billing statement.
                    
                    
                        
                            Fraud Alerts
                        
                        
                        Delivery of alerts may be delayed for various reasons, including service outages affecting your phone, wireless or Internet provider; technology failures; and system capacity limitations. There is no charge from Chase, but message and data rates may apply. Such charges include those from your communications service provider.
                    
                    
                        
                            Drive To End Hunger
                        
                        
                        In 2018, Chase Bank USA, N.A. will automatically donate $0.10 for each purchase made at a restaurant with your AARP Credit Card from Chase to AARP Foundation, in support of Drive To End Hunger. Total annual maximum donation by Chase is $1 million. Drive To End Hunger supports the hunger solutions of AARP Foundation, a leading charity dedicated to improving the life of vulnerable, low-income older adults.
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        AARP member benefits are provided by third parties, not by AARP or its affiliates. Chase pays a royalty fee to AARP for the use of its intellectual property. These fees are used for the general purposes of AARP. Please contact the provider directly for details.AARP credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A., and new credit card accounts are subject to credit approval. Not all applicants may qualify for the card. Credit card program and offer terms are subject to change and may have restrictions and limitations. Please see Chase Reward Program rules for details.
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                