Pricing &amp; Terms        Please take a moment to carefully review the Pricing 
&amp; Terms below. Pricing InformationInterest Rates and Interest ChargesPurchas
e Annual Percentage Rate (APR)17.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness. 
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.aBalance Transfer A
PR17.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness. These APRs will vary with th
e market based on the Prime Rate.aCash Advance APR26.49%. This APR will vary wit
h the market based on the Prime Rate.bHow to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesY
our due date will be a minimum of 21 days after the close of each billing cycle.
 We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by 
the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on balance transfers an
d cash advances on the transaction date.Minimum Interest ChargeNoneCredit Card T
ips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to 
consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Cons
umer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.Fee
sAnnual Membership Fee$99Transaction FeesBalance TransfersEither $5 or 5% of the
 amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvancesEither $10 or 5% of 
the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater. Foreign TransactionsNonePe
nalty FeesLate PaymentUp to $15 if the balance is less than $100; up to $27 if t
he balance is $100 to less than $250; up to $37 if the balance is $250 or more.O
ver-the-Credit-LimitNoneReturn PaymentUp to $37.Return CheckNoneNote: This accou
nt may not be eligible for balance transfers.How We Will Calculate Your Balance:
 We use the daily balance method (including new transactions). Prime Rate: Varia
ble APRs are based on the 4.75% Prime Rate as of 3/27/2018.aWe add 12.74% to 19.
74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR. Maximum AP
R 29.99%. bWe add 21.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advance APR. Ma
ximum APR 29.99%. MILITARY LENDING ACT NOTICE: Federal law provides important pr
otections to members of the Armed Forces and their dependents relating to extens
ions of consumer credit. In general, the cost of consumer credit to a member of 
the Armed Forces and his or her dependent may not exceed an annual percentage ra
te of 36 percent. This rate must include, as applicable to the credit transactio
n or account: the costs associated with credit insurance premiums; fees for anci
llary products sold in connection with the credit transaction; any application f
ee charged (other than certain application fees for specified credit transaction
s or accounts); and any participation fee charged (other than certain participat
ion fees for a credit card account). To receive this information and a descripti
on of your payment obligation verbally, please call 1-800-235-9978.TERMS &amp; C
ONDITIONSAuthorization: When you respond to this credit card offer from Chase Ba
nk USA, N.A., a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. ("Chase", "we", or "us"),
 you agree to the following:You authorize us to obtain credit bureau reports tha
t we will use when considering your application for credit. You also authorize u
s to obtain credit bureau reports and any other information about you in connect
ion with: 1) extensions of credit on your account; 2) the administration, review
 or collection of your account; and 3) offering you enhanced or additional produ
cts and services. If you ask, we will tell you the name and address of the credi
t bureau from which we obtained a report about you.If an account is opened, you 
will receive a Cardmember Agreement with your card(s). You agree to the terms of
 this agreement by: using the account or any card, authorizing their use, or mak
ing any payment on the account.When you give us your mobile phone number, we hav
e your permission to contact you at that number about all your Chase or J.P. Mor
gan accounts. Your consent allows us to use text messaging, artificial or prerec
orded voice messages and automatic dialing technology for informational and acco
unt service calls, but not for telemarketing or sales calls. It may include cont
act from companies working on our behalf to service your accounts. Message and d
ata rates may apply. You may contact us anytime to change these preferences.Bala
nce transfers will be applied to your account and sent to your designated payee(
s) 10 days after we mail your new credit card. If you want to cancel or modify y
our balance transfer within this ten-day period and have received your credit ca
rd, please call the number on the back of your card. Otherwise, please call 1-88
8-338-9464. Please continue to make payments to your other account(s) until you 
know the balance has been paid.Rates, fees, and terms may change: We have the ri
ght to change the account terms (including the APRs) in accordance with your Car
dmember Agreement.Before we approve you for a credit card, we will review your c
redit report and the information you provide with your response to confirm that 
you meet the criteria for this offer. Based on this review, you may receive a Si
gnature or Platinum card with different costs and/or benefits, or you may not re
ceive a card. If approved for a Signature account, your credit access line will 
be at least $5000. If approved for a Platinum account, your credit limit will be
 at least $2000. You must be at least 18 years old to qualify (19 in AL and NE, 
21 in Puerto Rico). An applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.S
ignature services are available only to Signature cardmembers. We reserve the ri
ght to change the benefit features associated with your card at any time.New Yor
k Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Fin
ancial Services at 1-800-342-3736 or go to www.dfs.ny.gov to obtain a comparativ
e list of credit card rates, fees, and grace periods.Ohio Residents: The Ohio la
ws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally availab
le to all customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate histor
ies on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administer
s compliance with the law.Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of
 any marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree adversely 
affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or co
urt order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of the adverse
 obligation. All obligations on this account will be incurred in the interest of
 your marriage or family. You understand that we may be required to give notice 
of this account to your spouse. Married Wisconsin residents must furnish their (
the applicant's) name and social security number as well as the name and address
 of their spouse to Cardmember Service at P.O. Box 15366, Wilmington, DE 19850-5
366.Balance Transfer OptionBalance transfers are contingent upon issuance of you
r account with us.The total amount of your request(s) including fees and interes
t charges cannot exceed your available credit or $15,000, whichever is lower.We 
will not process any balance transfer requests that are from any other account o
r loan that we (Chase Bank USA, N.A.) or any of our affiliates issued.Balance tr
ansfers are subject to the transaction fee shown in the enclosed "Pricing Inform
ation."We will evaluate your balance transfer requests in the order listed on yo
ur response. If your request(s) exceeds the amount that we approve, we may eithe
r decline the request or send less than the full amount requested to your design
ated payee.Each transfer will reduce your available credit just like any other t
ransaction. You will see a payment for the amount transferred on the statement f
rom your other accounts. It may take up to three weeks to set up your new accoun
t with us and process the balance transfer(s), so you may still need to make pay
ments to your other accounts to keep them current.Affiliate Information Sharing:
 We and our affiliates may share information about you among affiliates in order
 to offer products and services of interest to you. If you would prefer that we 
do not share information from your application, credit bureaus or third parties,
 please call us at 1-888-868-8618. For more information about our information ha
ndling policies, visit us on the web at http://www.chase.com/privacypolicy.Reply
ing to this offer: If you omit any information on the form, we may deny your req
uest for an account. Chase cardmembers who currently have or have had a Chase cr
edit card in any Rewards Program associated with this offer, may not be eligible
 for a second Chase credit card in the same Rewards Program. Chase cardmembers c
urrently receiving promotional pricing, or Chase cardmembers with a history of o
nly using their current or prior Chase card for promotional pricing offers, are 
not eligible for a second Chase credit card with promotional pricing. You must h
ave a valid permanent home address within the 50 United States, District of Colu
mbia, United States territories or a United States military address. The informa
tion about the costs of the card described in this form is accurate as of 3/27/2
018. This information may have changed after that date. To find out what may hav
e changed, write to us at Cardmember Service, P.O. Box 15043, Wilmington, DE 198
50-5043.USA PATRIOT Act: Please note: Federal law requires all financial institu
tions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who 
opens an Account such as your name, address, date of birth, and other informatio
n that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask for other identifying docu
ments.   © 2018 JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.