$200 Bonus Cash Back                                                            
            This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of t
his credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a
 new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. You will r
eceive 20,000 bonus points with this bonus offer, which can be redeemed for $200
 cash back. To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling 
$500 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not
 include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, m
oney orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, 
casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any chec
ks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and f
ees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, plea
se allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your account. To be eligible f
or this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulf
illment.                                                                        
                    Visa Signature Card                                         
                               Before Chase approves you for a credit card, Chas
e will review your credit report and the information you provide with your respo
nse to confirm that you meet the criteria for this offer. Based on this review, 
you may receive a Visa Signature card or Visa Platinum card with different costs
 and/or benefits, or you may not receive a card. For pricing details, please see
 Pricing &amp; Terms. For benefits details, please read your credit card benefit
s materials which will be mailed after your account is established.             
                                                                               E
arn Rewards                                                                     
   Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the AARP Credit Card fr
om Chase rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mai
l your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is established. If you become
 a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available 
after logging in to chase.com.          Cash Back and Points: "Cash Back rewards
" are the rewards you earn under the program. Cash Back rewards are tracked as p
oints and each $1 in Cash Back rewards earned is equal to 100 points. You may si
mply see "Cash Back" in marketing materials when referring to the rewards you ea
rn. How you can earn points: You'll earn points when you, or an authorized user,
 use an AARP Credit Card from Chase to make purchases of products and services, 
minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most c
ases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won
't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-
like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or si
milar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unaut
horized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if
 applicable. 3% Cash Back: You'll earn 3% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent on
 purchases in the following rewards categories: gas stations and restaurants. 1%
 Cash Back: You'll earn 1% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent on all other purc
hases. How you can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for any av
ailable reward options, including cash, an AARP® membership, gift cards, travel,
 and products or services made available through the program or directly from th
ird party merchants. Redemption values for reward options vary. Points expiratio
n/losing points: Your points don't expire as long as your account is open, howev
er, you'll immediately lose all your points if your account status changes, or y
our account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay,
 bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agre
ement. Rewards Categories: Merchants who accept Visa/MasterCard credit cards are
 assigned a merchant code, which is determined by the merchant or its processor 
in accordance with Visa/MasterCard procedures based on the kinds of products and
 services they primarily sell. We group similar merchant codes into categories f
or purposes of making rewards offers to you. Please note: We make every effort t
o include all relevant merchant codes in our rewards categories. However, even t
hough a merchant or some of the items that it sells may appear to fit within a r
ewards category, the merchant may not have a merchant code in that category. Whe
n this occurs, purchases with that merchant won't qualify for rewards offers on 
purchases in that category. Purchases submitted by you, an authorized user, or t
he merchant through third-party payment accounts, mobile or wireless card reader
s, online or mobile digital wallets, or similar technology will not qualify in a
 rewards category if the technology is not set up to process the purchase in tha
t rewards category. For more information about Chase rewards categories, see www
.Chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs.                                                 
                                           Zero Liability Protection            
                                                            Zero Liability Prote
ction does not apply to use of an account by an authorized user without the appr
oval of the primary cardmember. If you think someone used your account without p
ermission, tell us immediately by calling the Cardmember Services number on your
 card or billing statement.                                                     
                                       Fraud Alerts                             
                                           Delivery of alerts may be delayed for
 various reasons, including service outages affecting your phone, wireless or In
ternet provider; technology failures; and system capacity limitations. There is 
no charge from Chase, but message and data rates may apply. Such charges include
 those from your communications service provider.                               
                                                             Drive To End Hunger
                                                                        In 2018,
 Chase Bank USA, N.A. will automatically donate $0.10 for each purchase made at 
a restaurant with your AARP Credit Card from Chase to AARP Foundation, in suppor
t of Drive To End Hunger. Total annual maximum donation by Chase is $1 million. 
Drive To End Hunger supports the hunger solutions of AARP Foundation, a leading 
charity dedicated to improving the life of vulnerable, low-income older adults. 
                                                                                
                                                                                
   AARP member benefits are provided by third parties, not by AARP or its affili
ates. Chase pays a royalty fee to AARP for the use of its intellectual property.
 These fees are used for the general purposes of AARP. Please contact the provid
er directly for details.AARP credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A., an
d new credit card accounts are subject to credit approval. Not all applicants ma
y qualify for the card. Credit card program and offer terms are subject to chang
e and may have restrictions and limitations. Please see Chase Reward Program rul
es for details.