Monthly FICO® Score for Free
                        
                        
                        Your FICO® Score displayed is for your educational purposes and based on data from Experian. It may be different from other credit scores used by Chase and other lenders in making credit decisions. This information is available online only at Chase.com to primary cardmembers with an open account, provided Experian has sufficient credit history in a credit file for a FICO® Score to be generated. Once approved for the Slate card, it may take up to seven days for your FICO® Score and related information to be available on Chase.com. If you are just starting to build credit, it may take some time for your credit activity to be sufficient enough to create a FICO® Score; however, feel free to view helpful credit information online on the Chase Slate Credit Dashboard. Chase reserves the right to make changes or discontinue this feature at any time. FICO is a registered trademark of the Fair Isaac Corporation in the United States and other countries.
                    
                        
                            Fraud Alerts
                        
                        
                        Delivery of alerts may be delayed for various reasons, including service outages affecting your phone, wireless or Internet provider; technology failures; and system capacity limitations. There is no charge from Chase, but message and data rates may apply. Such charges include those from your communications service provider.The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Slate credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.Slate is a registered service mark of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Patent Pending.
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    