                                                                                
                                                        50,000 Bonus Miles      
                                                                  This new cardm
ember bonus offer is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this bus
iness credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this business credit card who
 received a new cardmember bonus for this business credit card within the last 2
4 months. With this bonus offer, you will qualify and receive 50,000 bonus miles
 after you make Purchases totaling $3,000 or more during the first 3 months from
 account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, 
travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash
-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or s
imilar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unau
thorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, i
f applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus miles to po
st to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open an
d not in default at the time of fulfillment. Bonus miles do not count towards Pr
emier status. If your account is not open for at least six months, United and Ch
ase reserve the right to deduct the bonus miles from your MileagePlus Program ac
count. Offer subject to change.                                                 
                                           Calendar Year Bonus Miles            
                                                            As a one-time bonus 
each calendar year, once you reach $25,000 in purchases you will receive 10,000 
bonus miles. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make p
urchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and
 services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the 
following types of transactions won't count and won't earn bonus miles: balance 
transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire
 transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chi
ps, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access yo
ur account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, 
including an annual fee, if applicable. Purchases you make with other United cre
dit cards prior to becoming an Explorer cardmember will not count towards the $2
5,000 requirement. "Calendar year" means January 1 through December 31 of that s
ame year. For your first year as an Explorer cardmember, calendar year means the
 period beginning with your enrollment date through December 31 of that same yea
r. Therefore, you will have from your account open date through December 31 to e
arn the one-time bonus in your first year. Please allow up to 6 weeks after the 
billing cycle in which you qualify for bonus miles to post to your MileagePlus a
ccount.                                                                         
                   Free Checked Bag                                             
                           The primary Cardmember and one traveling companion on
 the same reservation are each eligible to receive their first standard checked 
bag free; authorized users are only eligible if they are on the same reservation
 as the primary Cardmember. To receive first standard checked bag free, the prim
ary Cardmember must include their MileagePlus® number in their reservation and u
se their MileagePlus Explorer Card to purchase their ticket(s). First standard c
hecked bag free is only available on United®- and United Express®-operated fligh
ts; codeshare partner-operated flights are not eligible. Service charges for ove
rsized, overweight and extra baggage may apply. Cardmembers who are already exem
pt from other checked baggage service charges will not receive an additional fre
e standard checked bag. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failur
e to provide, the stated benefits. Please allow 2 weeks after account opening fo
r your first free standard checked bag to be available on your United reservatio
n. Please visit united.com/ChaseBag for details.                                
                                                            Priority Boarding   
                                                                     The primary
 Cardmember and companions traveling on the same reservation are eligible for pr
iority boarding; authorized users are only eligible if they are on the same rese
rvation as the primary Cardmember. To receive priority boarding, the primary Car
dmember must include their MileagePlus® number in their reservation. Priority bo
arding is only available on United®- and United Express®-operated flights; codes
hare partner-operated flights are not eligible. MileagePlus Explorer Cardmembers
 can board the plane before general boarding, after MileagePlus Premier® members
, customers with Premier Access® and travelers requiring special assistance. Cha
se is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, the stated be
nefits. Please allow 2 weeks after account opening for priority boarding to be a
vailable on your United reservation.                                            
                                                Anniversary United Club Passes  
                                                                      Two (2) Un
ited ClubSM one-time passes will be deposited into the primary Cardmember's Mile
agePlus Program account after account opening and every 12 months thereafter as 
long as the credit card account remains open. Please allow 4 weeks for your Unit
ed Club passes to be deposited into your MileagePlus Program account. Each pass 
grants one person one-time access to a United Club location subject to United Cl
ub terms &amp; conditions, united.com/UnitedClubRules, and Club access policies,
 united.com/UnitedClubAccess, each of which is subject to change, with or withou
t notice. Access is subject to space availability. United Club passes must be pr
esented for admittance to the United Club and can be accessed through the United
 app or by printing them from your MileagePlus account on united.com. United Clu
b passes have no cash value, cannot be sold and cannot be replaced if lost or st
olen. Each United Club pass is subject to the expiration date located on the pas
s. If your credit card account is closed, United and Chase reserve the right to 
remove the United Club passes from your MileagePlus Program account. Chase is no
t responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, United Club amenities
.                                                                               
             United Saver Awards                                                
                        United Economy Saver Awards are redeemable starting as l
ow as 12,500 miles for one-way travel within the continental U.S. and Canada as 
of January 1, 2018. Award pricing is subject to change without notice.          
                                                                                
  Award Availability and Fees                                                   
                     The primary Cardmember can use miles to book award travel o
n any United-operated flight at the MileagePlus® Everyday Award level, including
 award travel booked by the primary Cardmember for an authorized user under the 
primary Cardmember's MileagePlus number, as long as tickets are still available 
for sale for the applicable cabin on such flight. The primary Cardmember's Milea
gePlus number must be provided before starting the award travel booking process.
 Award bookings under an authorized user's MileagePlus number will not receive t
his benefit. Award pricing is subject to change without notice. Saver Awards, aw
ards on partner-operated flights and upgrade awards are subject to limitations a
nd restrictions.  Passenger is responsible for all taxes, fees, baggage fees and
 surcharges applicable to award travel, including, with respect to government im
posed taxes and fees, September 11th Security Fee of $5.60 per one-way trip that
 does not include a government defined stopover, US Customs, Immigration and APH
IS User Fees of $17.50 for each international arrival in the U.S.; and non-U.S. 
government ticket taxes, fees and airport charges may add up to $275 per ticket 
as of January 1, 2018. Such taxes, fees and surcharges must be paid at the time 
of ticketing and are subject to change. Chase is not responsible for the provisi
on of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Visit www.united.com/awards f
or details.                                                                     
                       Earning Miles                                            
                            Rewards Program Agreement: For more information abou
t the United MileagePlus® Explorer Business Card rewards program, view the lates
t Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once yo
ur account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards P
rogram Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com.        Ho
w you can earn miles: You'll earn miles when you, or an authorized user, use a U
nited MileagePlus® credit card to make purchases of products and services, minus
 returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases,
 will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't co
unt and won't earn miles: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like t
ransactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar 
betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorize
d or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if appli
cable. 1 mile: You'll earn 1 mile for each $1 spent. 2 miles: You'll earn 2 mile
s total for each $1 spent on airline tickets purchased directly from United (1 a
dditional mile on top of the 1 mile per $1 earned on each purchase). You'll also
 earn 2 miles total for each $1 spent in the following rewards categories: resta
urants; gas stations; office supply stores (1 additional mile on top of the 1 mi
le per $1 earned on each purchase). 10,000 bonus miles each calendar year: You'l
l receive 10,000 bonus miles each calendar year during which you make at least $
25,000 in purchases with your card. "Calendar year" means January 1 through Dece
mber 31 of that same year. Information about earning/transferring miles to Unite
d: Miles earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to Unit
ed after the end of each billing cycle. Miles expiration: The miles transferred 
to your MileagePlus account will not expire as long as your credit card account 
is open. If your credit card account is closed, or if you change your account to
 a Chase United Credit Card account which does not have an annual fee, your mile
s will expire according to the MileagePlus program rules. Losing miles: You'll i
mmediately lose all miles that haven't been transferred to United if your card a
ccount status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudu
lent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the t
erms of the Rewards Program Agreement. Rewards Categories: Merchants who accept 
Visa/MasterCard credit cards are assigned a merchant code, which is determined b
y the merchant or its processor in accordance with Visa/MasterCard procedures ba
sed on the kinds of products and services they primarily sell. We group similar 
merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers to you. Ple
ase note: We make every effort to include all relevant merchant codes in our rew
ards categories. However, even though a merchant or some of the items that it se
lls may appear to fit within a rewards category, the merchant may not have a mer
chant code in that category. When this occurs, purchases with that merchant won'
t qualify for rewards offers on purchases in that category. Purchases submitted 
by you, an authorized user, or the merchant through thirdparty payment accounts,
 mobile or wireless card readers, online or mobile digital wallets, or similar t
echnology will not qualify in a rewards category if the technology is not set up
 to process the purchase in that rewards category. For more information about Ch
ase rewards categories, see www.Chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs.                  
                                                                                
                                                                  Upgrading Awar
d Tickets: The primary Cardmember who has MileagePlus® Premier® status and is tr
aveling on an award ticket is eligible for Complimentary Premier Upgrades on sel
ect United-operated flights, subject to availability; travel companions and auth
orized users are not eligible. Assignment of Complimentary Premier Upgrades on a
ward tickets within each Premier level will be prioritized after the lowest paid
 fare class. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to provid
e, the stated benefits. Please visit united.com/upgrades for details on flights 
eligible for Complimentary Premier Upgrades and upgrade processing.             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
   Employee Cards                                                               
         If any employees are allowed to use the account, they will be authorize
d users and will have equal charging privileges unless individual spending limit
s are established for them. You, as the Authorizing Officer, together with the c
ompany are responsible for any use of the account by you, an authorized user or 
anyone else permitted to use the account. You, together with company, are respon
sible for repaying all balances on the account. All correspondence, including st
atements and notifications, will be sent to you as the Authorizing Officer. By r
equesting to add an employee cardholder to the account, you represent all inform
ation provided is accurate and is for persons with which the company has a relat
ionship. You also represent that company has permission to provide the employee 
information to Chase and to add the employee as a cardholder. If Chase determine
s any information provided is fraudulent, Chase has the right to close the accou
nt.                                                                             
               Room Upgrades and Special Amenities                              
                                          The Luxury Hotel &amp; Resort Collecti
on (LHRC) program benefits and Guest Privileges are available exclusively on sel
ect Chase credit cards. To receive the Guest Privileges, reservations must be ma
de through an LHRC Travel Specialist or on LHRCollection.com. Websites and other
 information provided by LHRC and/or participating hotels are not within Chase's
 control and may or may not be available in Spanish. All exclusive amenities and
 Guest Privileges are provided per room and are based on double occupancy. Some 
amenities may only apply to select rates, may be subject to availability at chec
k-in, and are not redeemable for cash. Amenities may not be combined with other 
offers, including tour operator or wholesaler rates and packages. Complimentary 
Wi-Fi provided, with the exception of Mombo Camp where Wi-Fi is not available. P
rogram benefits, participating properties, and Guest Privileges are valid throug
h the current calendar year, but may become unavailable due to circumstances out
side of Chase's control. All efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of th
e information contained. We reserve the right to correct any mistakes. Certain b
lackout dates and other restrictions may apply. This program is brought to you b
y Chase through an agreement with Signature Travel Network.                     
                                                                       Concierge
 Service                                                                        
Cardmembers are responsible for the cost of any goods or services purchased thro
ugh the Concierge.                                                              
                              UNITED MILEAGEPLUS BUSINESS CARD PROGRAM INFORMATI
ON                                                                        This p
roduct is reserved for business owners. Individuals whose requests for this offe
r are not approved will not be enrolled in MileagePlus® through this request, al
though existing MileagePlus members will remain enrolled in MileagePlus. Employe
es will not be enrolled in MileagePlus as a result of this request. MileagePlus 
miles awarded through the use of the employee's or authorized user's card will o
nly be credited to the authorizing officer's account. If a cardmember's membersh
ip in United's MileagePlus Program is terminated in accordance with the terms an
d conditions of that Program, the cardmember will no longer be eligible to earn 
any MileagePlus miles for purchases using the United MileagePlus Card. Chase's s
ole obligation concerning the award and redemption of miles shall be to make a v
alid request to United to award miles to the cardmember's associated MileagePlus
 account. Chase disclaims liability or responsibility for United's failure to aw
ard or redeem miles to the cardmember's associated MileagePlus account after Cha
se has met its obligations to United in connection with such a request. Benefits
 are available as long as cardmember's MileagePlus Explorer Credit Card account 
is open and not in default. Upon closure of the cardmember's MileagePlus Explore
r Credit Card account, all benefits will be canceled.                           
                                                                 MILEAGEPLUS PRO
GRAM TERMS AND CONDITIONS                                                       
                 Miles accrued, awards, and benefits issued are subject to chang
e and are subject to the rules of the United MileagePlus program, including with
out limitation the Premier® program (the "MileagePlus Program"), which are expre
ssly incorporated herein. Please allow 6-8 weeks after completed qualifying acti
vity for miles to post to your account. United may change the MileagePlus Progra
m including, but not limited to, rules, regulations, travel awards and special o
ffers or terminate the MileagePlus Program at any time and without notice. Unite
d and its subsidiaries, affiliates and agents are not responsible for any produc
ts or services of other participating companies and partners. Taxes and fees rel
ated to award travel are the responsibility of the member. Bonus award miles, aw
ard miles and any other miles earned through non-flight activity do not count to
ward qualification for Premier status unless expressly stated otherwise. The acc
umulation of mileage or Premier status or any other status does not entitle memb
ers to any vested rights with respect to the MileagePlus Program. All calculatio
ns made in connection with the MileagePlus Program, including without limitation
 with respect to the accumulation of mileage and the satisfaction of the qualifi
cation requirements for Premier status, will be made by United Airlines and Mile
agePlus in their discretion and such calculations will be considered final. Info
rmation in this communication that relates to the MileagePlus Program does not p
urport to be complete or comprehensive and may not include all of the informatio
n that a member may believe is important, and is qualified in its entirety by re
ference to all of the information on the united.com website and the MileagePlus 
Program rules. United and MileagePlus are registered service marks. For complete
 details about the MileagePlus Program, go to united.com.                       
                                                                                
                                                             Accounts subject to
 credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. United MileagePlus credit 
cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                     