Pricing &amp; Terms        Please take a moment to carefully review the Pricing 
&amp; Terms below. Pricing InformationInterest Rates and Interest ChargesPurchas
e Annual Percentage Rate (APR)0% Intro APR for the first 15 months that your Acc
ount is open. After that, 16.49% to 25.24%, based on your creditworthiness. Thes
e APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.aBalance Transfer APR0%
 Intro APR for the first 15 months that your Account is open. After that, 16.49%
 to 25.24%, based on your creditworthiness. These APRs will vary with the market
 based on the Prime Rate.aCash Advance APR26.49%. This APR will vary with the ma
rket based on the Prime Rate.bHow to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesYour due 
date will be a minimum of 21 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will
 not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due 
date each month. We will begin charging interest on balance transfers and cash a
dvances on the transaction date.Minimum Interest ChargeNoneCredit Card Tips from
 the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider
 when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Fin
ancial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.FeesAnnual 
Membership FeeNoneTransaction FeesBalance TransfersEither $5 or 5% of the amount
 of each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvancesEither $10 or 5% of the amo
unt of each transaction, whichever is greater. Foreign Transactions3% of each tr
ansaction in U.S. dollars.Penalty FeesLate PaymentUp to $15 if the balance is le
ss than $100; up to $27 if the balance is $100 to less than $250; up to $37 if t
he balance is $250 or more.Over-the-Credit-LimitNoneReturn PaymentUp to $37.Retu
rn CheckNoneNote: This account may not be eligible for balance transfers.How We 
Will Calculate Your Balance: We use the daily balance method (including new tran
sactions). Prime Rate: Variable APRs are based on the 4.75% Prime Rate as of 3/2
7/2018.aWe add 11.74% to 20.49% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Bala
nce Transfer APR. Maximum APR 29.99%. bWe add 21.74% to the Prime Rate to determ
ine the Cash Advance APR. Maximum APR 29.99%. MILITARY LENDING ACT NOTICE: Feder
al law provides important protections to members of the Armed Forces and their d
ependents relating to extensions of consumer credit. In general, the cost of con
sumer credit to a member of the Armed Forces and his or her dependent may not ex
ceed an annual percentage rate of 36 percent. This rate must include, as applica
ble to the credit transaction or account: the costs associated with credit insur
ance premiums; fees for ancillary products sold in connection with the credit tr
ansaction; any application fee charged (other than certain application fees for 
specified credit transactions or accounts); and any participation fee charged (o
ther than certain participation fees for a credit card account). To receive this
 information and a description of your payment obligation verbally, please call 
1-800-235-9978.TERMS &amp; CONDITIONSJPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is making this of
fer to you on behalf of its Delaware affiliate, Chase Bank USA, N.A. Chase USA i
s the issuer of Chase Consumer and Business credit cards.Authorization: When you
 respond to this credit card offer from Chase Bank USA, N.A., a subsidiary of JP
Morgan Chase &amp; Co. ("Chase", "we", or "us"), you agree to the following:You 
authorize us to obtain credit bureau reports that we will use when considering y
our application for credit. You also authorize us to obtain credit bureau report
s and any other information about you in connection with: 1) extensions of credi
t on your account; 2) the administration, review or collection of your account; 
and 3) offering you enhanced or additional products and services. If you ask, we
 will tell you the name and address of the credit bureau from which we obtained 
a report about you.If an account is opened, you will receive a Cardmember Agreem
ent with your card(s). You agree to the terms of this agreement by: using the ac
count or any card, authorizing their use, or making any payment on the account.W
hen you give us your mobile phone number, we have your permission to contact you
 at that number about all your Chase or J.P. Morgan accounts. Your consent allow
s us to use text messaging, artificial or prerecorded voice messages and automat
ic dialing technology for informational and account service calls, but not for t
elemarketing or sales calls. It may include contact from companies working on ou
r behalf to service your accounts. Message and data rates may apply. You may con
tact us anytime to change these preferences.Balance transfers will be applied to
 your account and sent to your designated payee(s) 10 days after we mail your ne
w credit card. If you want to cancel or modify your balance transfer within this
 ten-day period and have received your credit card, please call the number on th
e back of your card. Otherwise, please call 1-888-338-9464. Please continue to m
ake payments to your other account(s) until you know the balance has been paid.R
ates, fees, and terms may change: We have the right to change the account terms 
(including the APRs) in accordance with your Cardmember Agreement.Before we appr
ove you for a credit card, we will review your credit report and the information
 you provide with your response to confirm that you meet the criteria for this o
ffer. Based on this review, you may receive a Signature or Platinum card with di
fferent costs and/or benefits, or you may not receive a card. If approved for a 
Signature account, your credit access line will be at least $5000. If approved f
or a Platinum account, your credit limit will be at least $500. You must be at l
east 18 years old to qualify (19 in AL and NE, 21 in Puerto Rico). An applicant,
 if married, may apply for a separate account.Signature services are available o
nly to Signature cardmembers. We reserve the right to change the benefit feature
s associated with your card at any time.New York Residents: New York residents m
ay contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at 1-800-342-3736
 or go to www.dfs.ny.gov to obtain a comparative list of credit card rates, fees
, and grace periods.Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require
 that all creditors make credit equally available to all customers, and that cre
dit reporting agencies maintain separate histories on each individual upon reque
st. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with the law.Notice 
to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marital property agreement, 
unilateral statement or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you gi
ve us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you cre
dit, or we have actual knowledge of the adverse obligation. All obligations on t
his account will be incurred in the interest of your marriage or family. You und
erstand that we may be required to give notice of this account to your spouse. M
arried Wisconsin residents must furnish their (the applicant's) name and social 
security number as well as the name and address of their spouse to Cardmember Se
rvice at P.O. Box 15366, Wilmington, DE 19850-5366.Balance Transfer OptionBalanc
e transfers are contingent upon issuance of your account with us.The total amoun
t of your request(s) including fees and interest charges cannot exceed your avai
lable credit or $15,000, whichever is lower.We will not process any balance tran
sfer requests that are from any other account or loan that we (Chase Bank USA, N
.A.) or any of our affiliates issued.Balance transfers are subject to the transa
ction fee shown in the enclosed "Pricing Information."We will evaluate your bala
nce transfer requests in the order listed on your response. If your request(s) e
xceeds the amount that we approve, we may either decline the request or send les
s than the full amount requested to your designated payee.Each transfer will red
uce your available credit just like any other transaction. You will see a paymen
t for the amount transferred on the statement from your other accounts. It may t
ake up to three weeks to set up your new account with us and process the balance
 transfer(s), so you may still need to make payments to your other accounts to k
eep them current.Affiliate Information Sharing: We and our affiliates may share 
information about you among affiliates in order to offer products and services o
f interest to you. If you would prefer that we do not share information from you
r application, credit bureaus or third parties, please call us at 1-888-868-8618
. For more information about our information handling policies, visit us on the 
web at http://www.chase.com/privacypolicy.Replying to this offer: If you omit an
y information on the form, we may deny your request for an account. Chase cardme
mbers who currently have or have had a Chase credit card in any Rewards Program 
associated with this offer, may not be eligible for a second Chase credit card i
n the same Rewards Program. Chase cardmembers currently receiving promotional pr
icing, or Chase cardmembers with a history of only using their current or prior 
Chase card for promotional pricing offers, are not eligible for a second Chase c
redit card with promotional pricing. You must have a valid permanent home addres
s within the 50 United States, District of Columbia, United States territories o
r a United States military address. The information about the costs of the card 
described in this form is accurate as of 3/27/2018. This information may have ch
anged after that date. To find out what may have changed, write to us at Cardmem
ber Service, P.O. Box 15043, Wilmington, DE 19850-5043.USA PATRIOT Act: Please n
ote: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and reco
rd information that identifies each person who opens an Account such as your nam
e, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify 
you. We may also ask for other identifying documents.   © 2018 JPMorgan Chase &a
mp; Co.