                                                                                
                                                        50,000 Bonus Points afte
r you spend $4,000 on purchases in the first 3 months from account opening      
                                                                  The product is
 not available to either (i) current cardmembers of any Sapphire credit card, or
 (ii) previous cardmembers of any Sapphire credit card who received a new cardme
mber bonus within the last 24 months. To qualify and receive your bonus, you mus
t make Purchases totaling $4,000 or more during the first 3 months from account 
opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers
 checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like tra
nsactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar be
tting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized 
or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applica
ble.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to yo
ur account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in
 default at the time of fulfillment.                                            
                                                Earning Points                  
                                                      Rewards Program Agreement:
 For more information about the Chase Sapphire ReserveSM rewards program, view t
he latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement
 once your account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your R
ewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com/ul
timaterewards.        How you can earn points: You'll earn points when you, or a
n authorized user, use a Chase Sapphire ReserveSM credit card to make purchases 
of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services
 with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following
 types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cas
h advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chip
s, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access you
r account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, i
ncluding an annual fee, if applicable. 3 points ("3X points"): You'll earn 3 poi
nts for each $1 spent when your card is used for purchases in the travel categor
y or the dining at restaurants category. 1 point ("1X points"): You'll earn 1 po
int for each $1 spent on all other purchases. How you can use your points: You c
an use your points to redeem for any available reward options, including cash, g
ift cards, travel, and products or services made available through the program o
r directly from third party merchants. Redemption values for reward options vary
. Points expiration/losing points: Your points don't expire as long as your acco
unt remains open, however, you will immediately lose all your points if your acc
ount status changes, or your account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent ac
tivities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of
 the Rewards Program Agreement. Rewards Categories: Merchants who accept Visa/Ma
sterCard credit cards are assigned a merchant code, which is determined by the m
erchant or its processor in accordance with Visa/MasterCard procedures based on 
the kinds of products and services they primarily sell. We group similar merchan
t codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers to you. Please not
e: We make every effort to include all relevant merchant codes in our rewards ca
tegories. However, even though a merchant or some of the items that it sells may
 appear to fit within a rewards category, the merchant may not have a merchant c
ode in that category. When this occurs, purchases with that merchant won't quali
fy for rewards offers on purchases in that category. Purchases submitted by you,
 an authorized user, or the merchant through third-party payment accounts, mobil
e or wireless card readers, online or mobile digital wallets, or similar technol
ogy will not qualify in a rewards category if the technology is not set up to pr
ocess the purchase in that rewards category. For more information about Chase re
wards categories, see www.Chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs.                        
                                                                    50% More in 
Travel Redemption                                                               
         When you use points to redeem for cash, each point is worth $.01 (one c
ent), which means that 100 points equals $1 in redemption value. Each point you 
redeem for travel booked through Chase Ultimate Rewards is worth $.0150 (one and
 a half cents), which means that 100 points equals $1.50 in redemption value, an
d points are worth 50% more than if redeemed for cash. For example, 50,000 point
s are worth $750 towards travel, or $500 when redeemed for cash. The cost of tra
vel is based on the rates and fares available through the Ultimate Rewards websi
te and travel center, and may not reflect all rates and fares that are available
 through other sales channels.                                                  
                                          $300 Annual Travel Credit             
                                                           A statement credit wi
ll automatically be applied to your account when your card is used for purchases
 in the travel category, up to an annual maximum accumulation of $300. Annual me
ans the year beginning with your account open date through the first statement d
ate after your account open date anniversary, and the 12 monthly billing cycles 
after that each year. (For applications submitted before May 21, 2017, annual me
ans the year beginning with your account open date through the first December st
atement date of that same year, and the 12 billing cycles starting after your De
cember statement date through the following December statement date each year.) 
Call the number on the back of your card to see when you are eligible for your n
ext $300 Annual Travel Credit. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, us
e a card to make purchases of products and services. Buying products and service
s with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the followin
g types of transactions won't count: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers
 checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like tra
nsactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar be
tting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized 
or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applica
ble. We do not determine whether merchants correctly identify and bill transacti
ons as being of a certain type. For more information about Chase rewards categor
ies, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs. Statement credit(s) will post to your ac
count the same day your travel category purchase posts to your account and will 
appear on your monthly credit card billing statement within 1-2 billing cycles. 
The Annual Travel Credit will be issued for the year in which the transaction po
sts to your account. For example, if you pay for baggage fees, but the airline d
oes not post the transaction until after the current annual period ends, the cos
t of the baggage fees will be allocated towards the following year's Annual Trav
el Credit maximum of $300.                                                      
                                      Complimentary Priority Pass™ Select Member
ship                                                                        One 
time activation required. There is no additional cost to activate your membershi
p and certain terms, conditions and exclusions apply. Priority Pass Select membe
rship includes access to airport lounges participating in the Priority Pass Sele
ct network. Participating lounges are owned and operated by independent third pa
rties and their participation and/or facilities may change. To access a lounge, 
member must show his/her valid Priority Pass Select membership card. Priority Pa
ss Select membership is subject to the Priority Pass Select Terms and Conditions
. Account must be open and not in default to maintain membership. For complete P
riority Pass Select Terms and Conditions and a listing of participating lounges,
 please visit www.prioritypass.com/select.                                      
                                                      Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® 
Application Fee Statement Credit                                                
                        To be eligible for this statement credit you must use yo
ur Chase Sapphire ReserveSM card to either complete the Global Entry application
 and pay the $100 application fee, or complete the TSA Pre✓® application and pay
 the $85 application fee. A statement credit will be processed after the Global 
Entry program application fee OR TSA Pre✓® application fee (whichever program is
 applied for first) is charged to your Chase Sapphire ReserveSM card. You are en
titled to either: one (1) $100 statement credit per account, OR one (1) $85 stat
ement credit per account, every 4 years in connection with the Global Entry or T
SA Pre✓® program application fee. The statement credit will be posted to your ac
count within 24 hours of the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® program application fee b
eing charged to your card. You are responsible for payment of all charges until 
the statement credit posts to the account. Global Entry is a U.S. Government pro
gram, operated by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP). TSA Pre✓® is a U.S. 
Government program, operated by the U.S. Transportation Security Administration 
(TSA). Chase has no control over either program including, but not limited to, a
pplications, approval process or enrollment, or fees charged by CBP or TSA, and 
no liability regarding the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® programs. For complete deta
ils on the Global Entry program, including full terms and conditions, go to glob
alentry.gov. For complete details on the TSA Pre✓® program, including full terms
 and conditions, go to tsa.gov. Websites and other information provided by gover
nment agencies are not within Chase's control and may not be available in Spanis
h. The statement credit benefit applies to the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® program
s only. Other program applications including, but not limited to, NEXUS, SENTRI,
 and Privium are not eligible for the statement credit benefit. To be eligible f
or this benefit, your account must be open and not in default at the time of sta
tement credit fulfillment.The TSA Pre✓® trademark is used with the permission of
 the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.                                      
                                                      Avis Terms and Conditions 
                                                                       Discount 
applies to base rate only at participating locations when booked directly throug
h Avis by using the Visa Infinite code. These discounts are administered by the 
rental car providers directly and cannot be used when booking through Ultimate R
ewards nor can Ultimate Rewards points be used as payment when booking directly 
with the merchant. Discount varies by rental date, location and vehicle type. Ta
xes, other governmentally-authorized or imposed surcharges, license and concessi
on recoupment fees, airport and airport facility fees, fuels, additional driver 
fee, one-way rental charge and optional terms such as Loss Damage Waiver (LDW) u
p to $30 per day are extra. Renter must meet standard age, driver and credit req
uirements. 24-hour advance reservation required. May not be combined with other 
discounts. Availability is limited. Subject to change without notice. Blackout d
ates may apply.                                                                 
                           National Terms and Conditions                        
                                                Discount applies to base rate on
ly at participating locations when booked directly through National Car Rental b
y using the Visa Infinite code. These discounts are administered by the rental c
ar providers directly and cannot be used when booking through Ultimate Rewards n
or can Ultimate Rewards points be used as payment when booking directly with the
 merchant. Discount varies by rental date, location and vehicle type. Taxes, oth
er governmentally-authorized or imposed surcharges, license and concession recou
pment fees, airport and airport facility fees, fuels, additional driver fee, one
-way rental charge and optional items such as Loss Damage Waiver (LDW) up to $30
 per day are extra. In the U.S., check your insurance and/or credit card for ren
tal vehicle coverage. Renter must meet standard age, driver and credit requireme
nts. 24-hour advance reservation required. May not be combined with other discou
nts. Availability is limited. Subject to change without notice. Blackout dates m
ay apply.                                                                       
                     Silvercar Terms and Conditions                             
                                           No blackout dates. Reservations must 
be 2 days or longer. Offer not valid with any other offer unless stated otherwis
e. Discount applies to base rental rate before surcharges and taxes. These disco
unts are administered by the rental car providers directly and cannot be used wh
en booking through Ultimate Rewards nor can Ultimate Rewards points be used as p
ayment when booking directly with the rental car provider.                      
                                                                      Visa Terms
 and Conditions                                                                 
       Offer subject to change, and is based on the individual merchant's terms 
and conditions. Void where prohibited or restricted by law. Any taxes are the so
le responsibility of the purchaser.Many of the stated benefits and services of t
his product are provided by third parties who are solely responsible for their p
rovision or fulfillment.                                                        
                                    The Luxury Hotel &amp; Resort Collection    
                                                                    The Luxury H
otel &amp; Resort Collection (LHRC) program benefits and Guest Privileges are av
ailable exclusively on select Chase credit cards. To receive the Guest Privilege
s, reservations must be made through an LHRC Travel Specialist or on the LHRC we
bsite via Ultimate Rewards. Websites and other information provided by LHRC and/
or participating hotels are not within Chase's control and may or may not be ava
ilable in Spanish. All exclusive amenities and Guest Privileges are provided per
 room and are based on double occupancy. Some amenities may only apply to select
 rates, may be subject to availability at check-in, and are not redeemable for c
ash. Amenities may not be combined with other offers, including tour operator or
 wholesaler rates and packages. Complimentary Wi-Fi provided, with the exception
 of DumaTau and Little Makalolo where Wi-Fi is not available. Program benefits, 
participating properties, and Guest Privileges are valid through the current cal
endar year, but may become unavailable due to circumstances outside of Chase's c
ontrol. All efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of the information con
tained. We reserve the right to correct any mistakes. Certain blackout dates and
 other restrictions may apply. This program is brought to you by Chase through a
n agreement with Signature Travel Network.                                      
                                                                                
                                              Chase Sapphire is a registered mar
k of JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions a
nd limitations apply. Chase Sapphire Reserve credit cards are issued by Chase Ba
nk USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.                                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                         