Earn up to 80,000 Bonus Points
                        
                        
                        The product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of any Sapphire credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of any Sapphire credit card who received a new cardmember bonus within the last 24 months. If you are an existing Sapphire customer and would like this product, please call the number on the back of your card to see if you are eligible for a product change. You will not receive the new cardmember bonus if you change products. You will qualify for 50,000 bonus points if you make $4,000 in Purchases within 3 months of account opening. You will qualify for 30,000 bonus points if you make a total of $30,000 in Purchases within 12 months of account opening (for a possible total of 80,000 bonus points). After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your Chase Sapphire Preferred account. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like charges such as travelers checks, foreign currency, and money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.
                    
                    
                        
                            Earning Points
                        
                        
                        Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the Chase Sapphire Preferred rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com/ultimaterewards.
          How you can earn points: You'll earn points when you, or an authorized user, use a Chase Sapphire Preferred credit card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1 point: You'll earn 1 point for each $1 spent. 2 points ("2X points"): You'll earn 2 points total for each $1 spent when your card is used for purchases in the travel category or the dining at restaurants category (one additional point on top of the 1 point per $1 earned on each purchase). How you can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for any available reward options, including cash, gift cards, travel, and products or services made available through the program or directly from third party merchants. Redemption values for reward options vary. Points expiration/losing points: Your points don't expire as long as your account remains open, however, you will immediately lose all your points if your account status changes, or your account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. Rewards Categories: Merchants who accept Visa/MasterCard credit cards are assigned a merchant code, which is determined by the merchant or its processor in accordance with Visa/MasterCard procedures based on the kinds of products and services they primarily sell. We group similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers to you. Please note: We make every effort to include all relevant merchant codes in our rewards categories. However, even though a merchant or some of the items that it sells may appear to fit within a rewards category, the merchant may not have a merchant code in that category. When this occurs, purchases with that merchant won't qualify for rewards offers on purchases in that category. Purchases submitted by you, an authorized user, or the merchant through third-party payment accounts, mobile or wireless card readers, online or mobile digital wallets, or similar technology will not qualify in a rewards category if the technology is not set up to process the purchase in that rewards category. For more information about Chase rewards categories, see www.Chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs.
                    
                    
                        
                            25% More in Travel Redemption
                        
                        
                        When you use points to redeem for cash, each point is worth $.01 (one cent), which means that 100 points equals $1 in redemption value. Each point you redeem for travel booked through Chase Ultimate Rewards is worth $.0125 (one and a quarter cents), which means that 100 points equals $1.25 in redemption value, and points are worth 25% more than if redeemed for cash. For example, 80,000 points are worth $1,000 towards travel, or $800 when redeemed for cash. The cost of travel is based on the rates and fares available through the Ultimate Rewards website and travel center, and may not reflect all rates and fares that are available through other sales channels.
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Chase Sapphire Preferred credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                