Earn $500 Bonus Cash Back
                        
                        
                        You will receive 50,000 bonus points with this bonus offer, which can be redeemed for $500 cash back. To qualify and receive your bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $3,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the Ink Business Unlimited rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com/ultimaterewards.
        Cash Back and Points: "Cash Back rewards" are the rewards you earn under the program. Cash Back rewards are tracked as points and each $1 in Cash Back rewards earned is equal to 100 points. You may simply see “Cash Back” in marketing materials when referring to the rewards you earn. How you can earn points: You'll earn points when you, or an authorized user, use an Ink Business Unlimited card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1.5% Cash Back: You'll earn 1.5% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent. How you can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for any available reward options, including cash, gift cards, travel, and products or services made available through the program or directly from third party merchants. Redemption values for reward options may vary. Points expiration/losing points: Your points don't expire as long as your account remains open, however, you will immediately lose all your points if your account status changes, or your account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement.
                    
                    
                        
                            Employee Cards
                        
                        
                        If any employees are allowed to use the account, they will be authorized users and will have equal charging privileges unless individual spending limits are established for them. You, as the Authorizing Officer, together with the company are responsible for any use of the account by you, an authorized user or anyone else permitted to use the account. You, together with company, are responsible for repaying all balances on the account. All correspondence, including statements and notifications, will be sent to you as the Authorizing Officer. By requesting to add an employee cardholder to the account, you represent all information provided is accurate and is for persons with which the company has a relationship. You also represent that company has permission to provide the employee information to Chase and to add the employee as a cardholder. If Chase determines any information provided is fraudulent, Chase has the right to close the account.
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Ink Business Unlimited credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                