Pricing &amp; Terms        Please take a moment to carefully review the Pricing 
&amp; Terms below. Pricing InformationInterest Rates and Interest ChargesPurchas
e Annual Percentage Rate (APR)17.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness. 
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.aBalance Transfer A
PR17.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness. These APRs will vary with th
e market based on the Prime Rate.aCash Advance APR26.49%. This APR will vary wit
h the market based on the Prime Rate.bHow to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesY
our due date will be a minimum of 21 days after the close of each billing cycle.
 We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by 
the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on balance transfers an
d cash advances on the transaction date.Minimum Interest ChargeNoneCredit Card T
ips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to 
consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Cons
umer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.Fee
sAnnual Membership Fee$450; each authorized user: $75 per year.Transaction FeesB
alance TransfersEither $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is gre
ater.Cash AdvancesEither $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever 
is greater. Foreign TransactionsNonePenalty FeesLate PaymentUp to $15 if the bal
ance is less than $100; up to $27 if the balance is $100 to less than $250; up t
o $37 if the balance is $250 or more.Return PaymentUp to $37.Return CheckNoneNot
e: This account may not be eligible for balance transfers.How We Will Calculate 
Your Balance: We use the daily balance method (including new transactions). Prim
e Rate: Variable APRs are based on the 4.75% Prime Rate as of 3/27/2018.aWe add 
12.74% to 19.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer AP
R. Maximum APR 29.99%. bWe add 21.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Ad
vance APR. Maximum APR 29.99%. MILITARY LENDING ACT NOTICE: Federal law provides
 important protections to members of the Armed Forces and their dependents relat
ing to extensions of consumer credit. In general, the cost of consumer credit to
 a member of the Armed Forces and his or her dependent may not exceed an annual 
percentage rate of 36 percent. This rate must include, as applicable to the cred
it transaction or account: the costs associated with credit insurance premiums; 
fees for ancillary products sold in connection with the credit transaction; any 
application fee charged (other than certain application fees for specified credi
t transactions or accounts); and any participation fee charged (other than certa
in participation fees for a credit card account). To receive this information an
d a description of your payment obligation verbally, please call 1-800-235-9978.
TERMS &amp; CONDITIONSAuthorization: When you respond to this credit card offer 
from Chase Bank USA, N.A., a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. ("Chase", "w
e", or "us"), you agree to the following:You authorize us to obtain credit burea
u reports that we will use when considering your application for credit. You als
o authorize us to obtain credit bureau reports and any other information about y
ou in connection with: 1) extensions of credit on your account; 2) the administr
ation, review or collection of your account; and 3) offering you enhanced or add
itional products and services. If you ask, we will tell you the name and address
 of the credit bureau from which we obtained a report about you.If an account is
 opened, you will receive a Cardmember Agreement with your card(s). You agree to
 the terms of this agreement by: using the account or any card, authorizing thei
r use, or making any payment on the account.When you give us your mobile phone n
umber, we have your permission to contact you at that number about all your Chas
e or J.P. Morgan accounts. Your consent allows us to use text messaging, artific
ial or prerecorded voice messages and automatic dialing technology for informati
onal and account service calls, but not for telemarketing or sales calls. It may
 include contact from companies working on our behalf to service your accounts. 
Message and data rates may apply. You may contact us anytime to change these pre
ferences.Balance transfers will be applied to your account and sent to your desi
gnated payee(s) 10 days after we mail your new credit card. If you want to cance
l or modify your balance transfer within this ten-day period and have received y
our credit card, please call the number on the back of your card. Otherwise, ple
ase call 1-888-338-9464. Please continue to make payments to your other account(
s) until you know the balance has been paid.Rates, fees, and terms may change: W
e have the right to change the account terms (including the APRs) in accordance 
with your Cardmember Agreement.Before we approve you for a credit card, we will 
review your credit report and the information you provide with your response to 
confirm that you meet the criteria for this offer. Based on this review, you may
 receive a card with different costs or you may not receive a card. If approved 
for an account, your credit access line will be at least $10000. You must be at 
least 18 years old to qualify (19 in AL and NE, 21 in Puerto Rico). An applicant
, if married, may apply for a separate account.We reserve the right to change th
e benefit features associated with your card at any time.New York Residents: New
 York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services 
at 1-800-342-3736 or go to www.dfs.ny.gov to obtain a comparative list of credit
 card rates, fees, and grace periods.Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discr
imination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all custom
ers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate histories on each indi
vidual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance wit
h the law.Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marital pro
perty agreement, unilateral statement or court decree adversely affects our righ
ts, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before
 we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of the adverse obligation. All
 obligations on this account will be incurred in the interest of your marriage o
r family. You understand that we may be required to give notice of this account 
to your spouse. Married Wisconsin residents must furnish their (the applicant's)
 name and social security number as well as the name and address of their spouse
 to Cardmember Service at P.O. Box 15366, Wilmington, DE 19850-5366.Balance Tran
sfer OptionBalance transfers are contingent upon issuance of your account with u
s.The total amount of your request(s) including fees and interest charges cannot
 exceed your available credit or $15,000, whichever is lower.We will not process
 any balance transfer requests that are from any other account or loan that we (
Chase Bank USA, N.A.) or any of our affiliates issued.Balance transfers are subj
ect to the transaction fee shown in the enclosed "Pricing Information."We will e
valuate your balance transfer requests in the order listed on your response. If 
your request(s) exceeds the amount that we approve, we may either decline the re
quest or send less than the full amount requested to your designated payee.Each 
transfer will reduce your available credit just like any other transaction. You 
will see a payment for the amount transferred on the statement from your other a
ccounts. It may take up to three weeks to set up your new account with us and pr
ocess the balance transfer(s), so you may still need to make payments to your ot
her accounts to keep them current.Affiliate Information Sharing: We and our affi
liates may share information about you among affiliates in order to offer produc
ts and services of interest to you. If you would prefer that we do not share inf
ormation from your application, credit bureaus or third parties, please call us 
at 1-888-868-8618. For more information about our information handling policies,
 visit us on the web at http://www.chase.com/privacypolicy.Replying to this offe
r: If you omit any information on the form, we may deny your request for an acco
unt. Chase cardmembers who currently have or have had a Chase credit card in any
 Rewards Program associated with this offer, may not be eligible for a second Ch
ase credit card in the same Rewards Program. Chase cardmembers currently receivi
ng promotional pricing, or Chase cardmembers with a history of only using their 
current or prior Chase card for promotional pricing offers, are not eligible for
 a second Chase credit card with promotional pricing. You must have a valid perm
anent home address within the 50 United States, District of Columbia, United Sta
tes territories or a United States military address. The information about the c
osts of the card described in this form is accurate as of 3/27/2018. This inform
ation may have changed after that date. To find out what may have changed, write
 to us at Cardmember Service, P.O. Box 15043, Wilmington, DE 19850-5043.USA PATR
IOT Act: Please note: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain,
 verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an Account
 such as your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allo
w us to identify you. We may also ask for other identifying documents.   © 2018 
JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.