Earn Avios
                        
                        
                        Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the British Airways card rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your card account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com.
        How you can earn Avios points: You'll earn Avios points when you, or an authorized user, use a British Airways credit card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn Avios points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 4 Avios points on up to $30,000 in purchases your first year: You'll earn 4 Avios points for each $1 spent on purchases for your first 12 months from account opening, or until you reach $30,000 in purchases, whichever occurs first. This is an additional 1 Avios point on top of the 3 Avios points earned on flight purchases made directly with British Airways, Aer Lingus, Iberia and LEVEL, and 3 additional Avios points for each $1 spent on all other purchases. After that, you'll earn 3 Avios points: You'll earn 3 Avios points for each $1 spent on flight purchases made directly with British Airways, Aer Lingus, Iberia and LEVEL. 1 Avios point: You'll earn 1 Avios point for each $1 spent on all other purchases. Information about earning/transferring Avios points to British Airways: Avios points earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to British Airways after the end of each billing cycle. You must have a U.S. address listed on your British Airways Executive Club profile to earn Avios points in the British Airways card rewards program. Avios points expiration: Avios points will expire according to the British Airways Executive Club program terms and conditions which include maintaining Executive Club program activity for 36 consecutive months. Losing Avios points: You'll immediately lose all Avios points that haven't been transferred to British Airways if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement.
                    

                        
                            Redeeming Flights
                        
                        
                        Avios can be redeemed for reward flights on British Airways and its airline partners to over 900 destinations worldwide. Airline partners include Alaska Airlines, American Airlines®, Aer Lingus, Cathay Pacific, Finnair, Iberia, Japan Airlines, LATAM, LEVEL, Malaysia Airlines, Qantas, Qatar Airways, Royal Jordanian, and S7 Airlines. Existing Executive Club members will be prompted to enter their Executive Club number. If you are not already an Executive Club member please visit ba.com in order to enroll. Avios will be deposited in your Executive Club account within 4-6 weeks. Redemption of Avios for travel is solely the responsibility of British Airways.
                    

                        
                            Travel Together Ticket
                        
                        
                        Subject to availability. Taxes, fees, and carrier charges apply. British Airways Executive Club terms and conditions apply. Cardmember must make $30,000 in Purchases in a single calendar year on their British Airways Visa Card to receive a Travel Together Ticket. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like charges such as travelers checks, foreign currency, and money orders, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) The Travel Together Ticket will be in the form of a voucher that can be redeemed by Cardmember for a companion ticket. Cardmember is eligible for only one voucher each calendar year. Your Travel Together Ticket will be issued at the end of the billing cycle that you reach $30,000 in purchases. You will receive the voucher in your British Airways Executive Club account 4-6 weeks after the billing cycle your Travel Together Ticket is issued, and you will not be eligible for another voucher until the next calendar year. Once your Travel Together Ticket is issued, credits to your British Air credit card account will not cause forfeiture of your Travel Together Ticket. The voucher is valid for a companion ticket in conjunction with Cardmember's reward flight on BA taken within 2 years from the date of issue. All vouchers will be issued in the name of the main Cardmember who must travel on any booking where the voucher is used. The voucher cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotion and is only valid if it has been acquired in accordance with the rules of this promotion. The voucher is not extendable, transferable and has no cash or Avios value. Companion must travel with the Cardmember on both the outbound and inbound journey and be booked at the same time for both directions. Redemption Flights and vouchers may only be used for flights on British Airways mainline service, which have a BA prefixed flight number. Travel on franchise, codeshare or alliance airlines is not permitted. All travel must originate in and return to the US. Additional restrictions apply. Please visit ba.com/TravelTogetherTicket.
                    

                        
                            Reward Flights
                        
                        
                        All British Airways reward flights and Travel Together Tickets are subject to taxes, fees and carrier charges. The taxes, fees and carrier charges vary according to travel date, carrier and route flown. For example at the time of this publication: The taxes, fees, and carrier charges from Miami to Cancun are $72 per adult in economy. Taxes, fees and carrier charges for travel from Seattle to London range from approximately $682-1250 per adult in economy or $1250 in business class.The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC.Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. British Airways Visa credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.
                    

                        
                            EXECUTIVE CLUB PROGRAMME
                        
                        
                        You must be a member of the British Airways Executive Club programme. If you are not already a Member, you will be enrolled automatically if you are approved for the British Airways Visa. Avios accumulated through the British Airways Visa card will be transferred to your Executive Club account; however, Avios reported on your monthly statement from Chase may not post into your Executive Club account if you change your Executive Club address to one outside of the US. Avios earned with the British Airways Visa card will not be credited toward Executive Club tier level progression or retention. For rules and regulations of the Executive Club, please visit www.BA.com. Redemption of Avios for travel is solely the responsibility of British Airways.British Airways, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Aer Lingus, Cathay Pacific, Finnair, Iberia, Japan Airlines, LATAM, LEVEL, Malaysia Airlines, Qantas, Qatar Airways, Royal Jordanian, and S7 Airlines, are trademarks of their respective companies.
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    

                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    