                                                                                
                                                        60,000 Bonus Points     
                                                                   This new Card
member bonus offer is not available to either (i) current Cardmembers of this bu
siness credit card, or (ii) previous Cardmembers of this business credit card wh
o received a new Cardmember bonus for this business credit card within the last 
24 months. To qualify for your bonus points, you must make Purchases totaling $3
,000 or more during the first 3 months from account opening. Please allow up to 
8 weeks for bonus points to post to your Rapid Rewards® account. ("Purchases" do
 not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currenc
y, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery ticke
ts, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any 
checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, a
nd fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) To be eligible for
 this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfil
lment.                                                                          
                  Earning Points                                                
                        Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about th
e Rapid Rewards® Premier Business card rewards program, view the latest Rewards 
Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your account
 is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agr
eement will also be available after logging in to chase.com.          How you ca
n earn points: You'll earn points when you, or an authorized user, use a Rapid R
ewards® Credit Card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or
 refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count
 as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count as a pu
rchase and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-li
ke transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or simi
lar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unautho
rized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if a
pplicable. 2 points: You'll earn 2 points for each $1 spent on purchases made di
rectly with Southwest Airlines®, including flight, inflight, Southwest® gift car
d, and Southwest Vacations® package purchases, and at participating Rapid Reward
s® hotel and rental car partners. 1 point: You'll earn 1 point for each $1 spent
 on all other purchases. 1 point on balance transfers: You'll earn 1 point for e
ach $1 of the first $15,000 of balance transfers made during the first 90 days f
rom your original account open date. 6,000 bonus points each account anniversary
 year: You'll receive 6,000 bonus points each account anniversary year. "Account
 anniversary year" means the year beginning with your account open date through 
the anniversary of your account open date, and each 12 months after that. 1,500 
tier qualifying points: You'll earn 1,500 tier qualifying points (TQPs) for ever
y $10,000 in eligible net purchases on the card, up to 15,000 tier qualifying po
ints per year. TQPs can be used to count toward qualification for Rapid Rewards 
A-List or A-List Preferred status. "Annually" means the year beginning with your
 account open date through the first December statement date of that same year, 
and each 12 billing cycles starting after your December statement date through t
he following December statement date. Information about earning/transferring poi
nts to Southwest Airlines®: Points earned during a billing cycle will be automat
ically transferred to Southwest Airlines after the end of each billing cycle. Po
ints expiration: The points transferred to your Rapid Rewards account won't expi
re as long as your card account is open or you have flight-earning or Southwest 
Airlines partner-earning activity at least once every 24 months. If your card ac
count is closed, the points in your Rapid Rewards account will expire if there i
sn't flight-earning or Southwest Airlines partner-earning activity at least once
 every 24 months. Losing points: You'll immediately lose all points that haven't
 been transferred to Southwest Airlines if your card account status changes, or 
your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure t
o pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Progra
m Agreement.                                                                    
                        Bags fly free®                                          
                              First and second checked bags. Weight and size lim
its apply.                                                                      
                      Points don't expire, Unlimited Reward Seats and No Blackou
t Dates                                                                        P
oints don't expire: The points transferred to your Rapid Rewards® account won't 
expire as long as your card is open or you have flight-earning or partner-earnin
g activity at least once every 24 months. If your card account is closed, the po
ints in your Rapid Rewards account will expire if there isn't flight-earning or 
Southwest Airlines partner-earning activity at least once every 24 months. No bl
ackout dates and unlimited reward seats apply to flights booked with points.    
                                                                                
        No Change Fees                                                          
              Fare differences may apply.                                       
                                                     Free Employee Cards        
                                                                If any employees
 are allowed to use the account, they will be authorized users and will have equ
al charging privileges unless individual spending limits are established for the
m. You, as the Authorizing Officer, together with the company are responsible fo
r any use of the account by you, an authorized user or anyone else permitted to 
use the account. You, together with company, are responsible for repaying all ba
lances on the account. All correspondence, including statements and notification
s, will be sent to you as the Authorizing Officer. By requesting to add an emplo
yee cardholder to the account, you represent all information provided is accurat
e and is for persons with which the company has a relationship. You also represe
nt that company has permission to provide the employee information to Chase and 
to add the employee as a cardholder. If Chase determines any information provide
d is fraudulent, Chase has the right to close the account.Accounts subject to cr
edit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Southwest Rapid Rewards® Cred
it Cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.            
                                                                                
SOUTHWEST® RAPID REWARDS® PROGRAM INFORMATION                                   
                                     The Southwest Rapid Rewards® Credit Card is
 brought to you by Southwest Airlines® and Chase. Southwest Airlines is responsi
ble for the redemption of Rapid Rewards points toward benefits and services. The
 number of points needed for any particular Southwest flight is set by Southwest
 and will vary depending on destination, time, day of travel, demand, point rede
mption rate, and other factors and is subject to change. Rapid Rewards points ca
n only be transferred to the primary Cardmember's Rapid Rewards account. All Rap
id Rewards rules and regulations apply, please visit Southwest.com/rrterms. Sout
hwest reserves the right to amend, suspend, or change the program and/or program
 rules at any time without notice. Rapid Rewards Members do not acquire property
 rights in accrued points and awards.                                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                             