                                                                                
                                                        50,000 Bonus Points afte
r you spend $4,000 on purchases in the first 3 months from account opening      
                                                                  The product is
 not available to either (i) current cardmembers of any Sapphire credit card, or
 (ii) previous cardmembers of any Sapphire credit card who received a new cardme
mber bonus within the last 24 months. If you are an existing Sapphire customer a
nd would like this product, please call the number on the back of your card to s
ee if you are eligible for a product change. You will not receive the new cardme
mber bonus if you change products. To qualify and receive your bonus, you must m
ake Purchases totaling $4,000 or more during the first 3 months from account ope
ning. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers ch
ecks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transa
ctions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betti
ng transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or 
fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable
.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your 
account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in de
fault at the time of fulfillment.                                               
                                             5,000 Bonus Points after your first
 purchase and the adding of an authorized user to your account in the first 3 mo
nths from account opening                                                       
                 The product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers 
of any Sapphire credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of any Sapphire credit
 card who received a new cardmember bonus within the last 24 months. If you are 
an existing Sapphire customer and would like this product, please call the numbe
r on the back of your card to see if you are eligible for a product change. You 
will not receive the new cardmember bonus if you change products. To qualify for
 and receive your bonus, your First Purchase and addition of an authorized user 
to your account must both occur during the first 3 months from account opening. 
("First Purchase" does not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers c
hecks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like trans
actions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar bett
ing transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or
 fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicabl
e.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your
 account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in d
efault at the time of fulfillment.                                              
                                              Adding an Authorized User         
                                                               All correspondenc
e, including credit cards, statements, and notifications will be sent to the nam
e and address on file for the primary cardmember. The primary cardmember is resp
onsible for repaying all balances on this account. Authorized users will have th
e same account number and charging privileges as the primary cardmember but will
 not be financially responsible. Chase provides account information to the credi
t reporting agencies for all account users. This information could impact an aut
horized user's credit score. When you tell us to add a user to your account, you
're confirming that you have a relationship with the person or people whose name
(s), address(es), and date of birth(s) you've told us, that all their informatio
n is correct, and that you have their consent to add them. If Chase determines y
ou've given us fraudulent name, address, or date of birth information, or did no
t have such consent, Chase can close this account.                              
                                                              Earning Points    
                                                                    Rewards Prog
ram Agreement: For more information about the Chase Sapphire Preferred rewards p
rogram, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Pro
gram Agreement once your account is established. If you become a Chase Online cu
stomer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in t
o chase.com/ultimaterewards.          How you can earn points: You'll earn point
s when you, or an authorized user, use a Chase Sapphire Preferred credit card to
 make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying produ
cts and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; howeve
r, the following types of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balanc
e transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, ca
sino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks
 that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fee
s of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1 point: You'll earn 1 po
int for each $1 spent. 2 points ("2X points"): You'll earn 2 points total for ea
ch $1 spent when your card is used for purchases in the travel category or the d
ining at restaurants category (one additional point on top of the 1 point per $1
 earned on each purchase). How you can use your points: You can use your points 
to redeem for any available reward options, including cash, gift cards, travel, 
and products or services made available through the program or directly from thi
rd party merchants. Redemption values for reward options vary. Points expiration
/losing points: Your points don't expire as long as your account remains open, h
owever, you will immediately lose all your points if your account status changes
, or your account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure t
o pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Progra
m Agreement. Rewards Categories: Merchants who accept Visa/MasterCard credit car
ds are assigned a merchant code, which is determined by the merchant or its proc
essor in accordance with Visa/MasterCard procedures based on the kinds of produc
ts and services they primarily sell. We group similar merchant codes into catego
ries for purposes of making rewards offers to you. Please note: We make every ef
fort to include all relevant merchant codes in our rewards categories. However, 
even though a merchant or some of the items that it sells may appear to fit with
in a rewards category, the merchant may not have a merchant code in that categor
y. When this occurs, purchases with that merchant won't qualify for rewards offe
rs on purchases in that category. Purchases submitted by you, an authorized user
, or the merchant through third-party payment accounts, mobile or wireless card 
readers, online or mobile digital wallets, or similar technology will not qualif
y in a rewards category if the technology is not set up to process the purchase 
in that rewards category. For more information about Chase rewards categories, s
ee www.Chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs.                                           
                                                 25% More in Travel Redemption  
                                                                      When you u
se points to redeem for cash, each point is worth $.01 (one cent), which means t
hat 100 points equals $1 in redemption value. Each point you redeem for travel b
ooked through Chase Ultimate Rewards is worth $.0125 (one and a quarter cents), 
which means that 100 points equals $1.25 in redemption value, and points are wor
th 25% more than if redeemed for cash. For example, 50,000 points are worth $625
 towards travel, or $500 when redeemed for cash. The cost of travel is based on 
the rates and fares available through the Ultimate Rewards website and travel ce
nter, and may not reflect all rates and fares that are available through other s
ales channels.                                                                  
                                                                                
                  Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitati
ons apply. Chase Sapphire Preferred credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N
.A. Offer subject to change.                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                        