Pricing &amp; Terms        Please take a moment to carefully review the Pricing 
&amp; Terms below. Pricing InformationInterest Rates and Interest ChargesPurchas
e Annual Percentage Rate (APR)17.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness. 
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.aBalance Transfer A
PR17.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness. These APRs will vary with th
e market based on the Prime Rate.aCash Advance APR26.49%. This APR will vary wit
h the market based on the Prime Rate.bHow to Avoid Paying Interest on PurchasesY
our due date will be a minimum of 21 days after the close of each billing cycle.
 We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by 
the due date each month. We will begin charging interest on balance transfers an
d cash advances on the transaction date.Minimum Interest ChargeNoneCredit Card T
ips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to 
consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Cons
umer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.Fee
sAnnual Membership FeeNoneTransaction FeesBalance TransfersEither $5 or 5% of th
e amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.Cash AdvancesEither $10 or 5% of
 the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater. Foreign TransactionsNoneP
enalty FeesLate PaymentUp to $15 if the balance is less than $100; up to $27 if 
the balance is $100 to less than $250; up to $37 if the balance is $250 or more.
Over-the-Credit-LimitNoneReturn PaymentUp to $37.Return CheckNoneNote: This acco
unt may not be eligible for balance transfers.How We Will Calculate Your Balance
: We use the daily balance method (including new transactions). Prime Rate: Vari
able APRs are based on the 4.75% Prime Rate as of 3/27/2018.aWe add 12.74% to 19
.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR. Maximum A
PR 29.99%. bWe add 21.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advance APR. M
aximum APR 29.99%. MILITARY LENDING ACT NOTICE: Federal law provides important p
rotections to members of the Armed Forces and their dependents relating to exten
sions of consumer credit. In general, the cost of consumer credit to a member of
 the Armed Forces and his or her dependent may not exceed an annual percentage r
ate of 36 percent. This rate must include, as applicable to the credit transacti
on or account: the costs associated with credit insurance premiums; fees for anc
illary products sold in connection with the credit transaction; any application 
fee charged (other than certain application fees for specified credit transactio
ns or accounts); and any participation fee charged (other than certain participa
tion fees for a credit card account). To receive this information and a descript
ion of your payment obligation verbally, please call 1-800-235-9978.TERMS &amp; 
CONDITIONSAuthorization: When you respond to this credit card offer from Chase B
ank USA, N.A., a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. ("Chase", "we", or "us")
, you agree to the following:You authorize us to obtain credit bureau reports th
at we will use when considering your application for credit. You also authorize 
us to obtain credit bureau reports and any other information about you in connec
tion with: 1) extensions of credit on your account; 2) the administration, revie
w or collection of your account; and 3) offering you enhanced or additional prod
ucts and services. If you ask, we will tell you the name and address of the cred
it bureau from which we obtained a report about you.If an account is opened, you
 will receive a Cardmember Agreement with your card(s). You agree to the terms o
f this agreement by: using the account or any card, authorizing their use, or ma
king any payment on the account.When you give us your mobile phone number, we ha
ve your permission to contact you at that number about all your Chase or J.P. Mo
rgan accounts. Your consent allows us to use text messaging, artificial or prere
corded voice messages and automatic dialing technology for informational and acc
ount service calls, but not for telemarketing or sales calls. It may include con
tact from companies working on our behalf to service your accounts. Message and 
data rates may apply. You may contact us anytime to change these preferences.Bal
ance transfers will be applied to your account and sent to your designated payee
(s) 10 days after we mail your new credit card. If you want to cancel or modify 
your balance transfer within this ten-day period and have received your credit c
ard, please call the number on the back of your card. Otherwise, please call 1-8
88-338-9464. Please continue to make payments to your other account(s) until you
 know the balance has been paid.Rates, fees, and terms may change: We have the r
ight to change the account terms (including the APRs) in accordance with your Ca
rdmember Agreement.Before we approve you for a credit card, we will review your 
credit report and the information you provide with your response to confirm that
 you meet the criteria for this offer. Based on this review, you may receive a S
ignature or Platinum card with different costs and/or benefits, or you may not r
eceive a card. If approved for a Signature account, your credit access line will
 be at least $5000. If approved for a Platinum account, your credit limit will b
e at least $1000. You must be at least 18 years old to qualify (19 in AL and NE,
 21 in Puerto Rico). An applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account.
Signature services are available only to Signature cardmembers. We reserve the r
ight to change the benefit features associated with your card at any time.New Yo
rk Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Fi
nancial Services at 1-800-342-3736 or go to www.dfs.ny.gov to obtain a comparati
ve list of credit card rates, fees, and grace periods.Ohio Residents: The Ohio l
aws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally availa
ble to all customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate histo
ries on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administe
rs compliance with the law.Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision o
f any marital property agreement, unilateral statement or court decree adversely
 affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or c
ourt order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of the advers
e obligation. All obligations on this account will be incurred in the interest o
f your marriage or family. You understand that we may be required to give notice
 of this account to your spouse. Married Wisconsin residents must furnish their 
(the applicant's) name and social security number as well as the name and addres
s of their spouse to Cardmember Service at P.O. Box 15366, Wilmington, DE 19850-
5366.Balance Transfer OptionBalance transfers are contingent upon issuance of yo
ur account with us.The total amount of your request(s) including fees and intere
st charges cannot exceed your available credit or $15,000, whichever is lower.We
 will not process any balance transfer requests that are from any other account 
or loan that we (Chase Bank USA, N.A.) or any of our affiliates issued.Balance t
ransfers are subject to the transaction fee shown in the enclosed "Pricing Infor
mation."We will evaluate your balance transfer requests in the order listed on y
our response. If your request(s) exceeds the amount that we approve, we may eith
er decline the request or send less than the full amount requested to your desig
nated payee.Each transfer will reduce your available credit just like any other 
transaction. You will see a payment for the amount transferred on the statement 
from your other accounts. It may take up to three weeks to set up your new accou
nt with us and process the balance transfer(s), so you may still need to make pa
yments to your other accounts to keep them current.Affiliate Information Sharing
: We and our affiliates may share information about you among affiliates in orde
r to offer products and services of interest to you. If you would prefer that we
 do not share information from your application, credit bureaus or third parties
, please call us at 1-888-868-8618. For more information about our information h
andling policies, visit us on the web at http://www.chase.com/privacypolicy.Repl
ying to this offer: If you omit any information on the form, we may deny your re
quest for an account. Chase cardmembers who currently have or have had a Chase c
redit card in any Rewards Program associated with this offer, may not be eligibl
e for a second Chase credit card in the same Rewards Program. Chase cardmembers 
currently receiving promotional pricing, or Chase cardmembers with a history of 
only using their current or prior Chase card for promotional pricing offers, are
 not eligible for a second Chase credit card with promotional pricing. You must 
have a valid permanent home address within the 50 United States, District of Col
umbia, United States territories or a United States military address. The inform
ation about the costs of the card described in this form is accurate as of 3/27/
2018. This information may have changed after that date. To find out what may ha
ve changed, write to us at Cardmember Service, P.O. Box 15043, Wilmington, DE 19
850-5043.USA PATRIOT Act: Please note: Federal law requires all financial instit
utions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who
 opens an Account such as your name, address, date of birth, and other informati
on that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask for other identifying doc
uments.   © 2018 JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.