                                                                                
                                                        40,000 Bonus Points     
                                                                   This product 
is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) 
previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for
 this credit card within the last 24 months. To qualify for and receive your 40,
000 Bonus Points, you must make Purchases totaling $2,000 or more during the fir
st 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers,
 cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers
 or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race t
rack wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account
, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including 
an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6-8 weeks for your
 Bonus Points to post to your World of Hyatt account. To be eligible for this bo
nus offer, your card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulf
illment. Chase is not responsible for offer fulfillment. If your card account is
 not open for at least 3 months, Hyatt and Chase reserve the right to deduct the
 Bonus Points from your World of Hyatt account. All World of Hyatt terms and con
ditions apply and are available at worldofhyatt.com/terms.                      
                                                                      Anniversar
y Award Night                                                                   
     To qualify for the Hyatt Credit Card Anniversary Free Night Award, your car
d account must be open and not in default at the time the award is issued. Pleas
e allow up to the end of your Anniversary month each year for your Hyatt Credit 
Card Anniversary Free Night Award to be issued to you. ("Anniversary" is the dat
e that is twelve months after your account open date, and the same date each twe
lve months thereafter.) Hyatt Credit Card Anniversary Free Night Award is good f
or one (1) night in any available standard room within 12 months from issuance a
t any Hyatt hotel or resorts designated as Category 1 through 4 under the World 
of Hyatt program. Not valid at properties in any other category or at Miraval, H
yatt Zilara or Hyatt Ziva resorts. To find Category 1 through 4 hotels or resort
s, visit worldofhyatt.com. Hyatt reserves the right to reclassify any hotel or r
esort at any time for any reason in its sole discretion (provided that reclassif
ication of a hotel or resort will not affect a previously booked award reservati
on). Hyatt Credit Card Anniversary Free Night Award must be redeemed for a reser
vation with a checkout date before the expiration date of the award. Hyatt Credi
t Card Anniversary Free Night Award cannot be redeemed for packages. Hyatt Credi
t Card Anniversary Free Night Award may be applied only to the guest room and do
es not apply toward food, beverage, incidental expenses, service charges, or hot
el specific charges. Reservations for Hyatt Credit Card Anniversary Free Night A
ward redemption are subject to availability and must be made in advance by visit
ing the My Awards page within your account at worldofhyatt.com, or by calling 88
8.75.HYATT or your nearest Hyatt Global Contact Center. Chase is not responsible
 for offer fulfillment. Except as otherwise expressly set forth here, redemption
 of a Hyatt Credit Card Anniversary Free Night Award is subject to all terms app
licable to Free Night Awards as set forth in the World of Hyatt terms and condit
ions, available at worldofhyatt.com/terms.                                      
                                                      5,000 Bonus Points for Add
ing an Authorized User                                                          
              This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of
 this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received
 a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. To quali
fy for and receive your Bonus Points, your First Purchase and addition of an aut
horized user to your account must both occur during the first 3 months from acco
unt opening. ("First Purchase" does not include balance transfers, cash advances
, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar ca
sh-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or
 similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, un
authorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee,
 if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6-8 weeks for your Bonus Points 
to post to your World of Hyatt account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, you
r card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Chase
 is not responsible for offer fulfillment. If your card account is not open for 
at least 3 months, Hyatt and Chase reserve the right to deduct the Bonus Points 
from your World of Hyatt account. All World of Hyatt terms and conditions apply 
and are available at worldofhyatt.com/terms.                                    
                                                        Adding an Authorized Use
r                                                                        All cor
respondence, including credit cards, statements, and notifications will be sent 
to the name and address on file for the primary cardmember. The primary cardmemb
er is responsible for repaying all balances on this account. Authorized users wi
ll have the same account number and charging privileges as the primary cardmembe
r but will not be financially responsible. Chase provides account information to
 the credit reporting agencies for all account users. This information could imp
act an authorized user's credit score. When you tell us to add a user to your ac
count, you're confirming that you have a relationship with the person or people 
whose name(s), address(es), and date of birth(s) you've told us, that all their 
information is correct, and that you have their consent to add them. If Chase de
termines you've given us fraudulent name, address, or date of birth information,
 or did not have such consent, Chase can close this account.                    
                                                                        Earning 
Bonus Points                                                                    
    Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the Hyatt® Credit Card
 rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your R
ewards Program Agreement once your account is established. If you become a Chase
 Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after lo
gging in to chase.com.        How you can earn Rewards Points: You'll earn World
 of Hyatt Bonus Points when you, or an authorized user, use a Hyatt® Credit Card
 to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying pr
oducts and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; how
ever, the following types of transactions won't count as a purchase and won't ea
rn World of Hyatt Bonus Points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-
like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or si
milar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unaut
horized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if
 applicable. 3 Bonus Points: You'll earn 3 World of Hyatt Bonus Points for each 
$1 USD spent on purchases made at Hyatt hotels and resorts (including at partici
pating restaurants and participating locations that are owned, managed, franchis
ed or licensed by Hyatt Corporation or its subsidiaries or affiliates). 2 Bonus 
Points: You'll earn 2 World of Hyatt Bonus Points for each $1 USD spent on purch
ases made in any of the following categories: restaurants (excluding dining purc
hases that qualify for 3 Bonus Points as described above); airline tickets when 
purchased directly from the airline; and car rental agencies. 1 Bonus Point: You
'll earn 1 World of Hyatt Bonus Point for each $1 spent on all other purchases. 
Information about earning/transferring Bonus Points to Hyatt: You must be a Worl
d of Hyatt member to receive and use Bonus Points, Free Night Awards, or other W
orld of Hyatt program benefits. If you are currently a World of Hyatt member, Bo
nus Points you earn through your Hyatt Credit Card will be deposited into your W
orld of Hyatt account as described below. If you are not already a World of Hyat
t member, Chase will provide your information to Hyatt upon approval of your Hya
tt Credit Card application and Hyatt will enroll you in the World of Hyatt progr
am. World of Hyatt Bonus Points earned through the Hyatt Credit Card can only be
 transferred to the primary card member's World of Hyatt account. World of Hyatt
 Bonus Points earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to
 Hyatt after the end of each billing cycle and will be placed in the member's Wo
rld of Hyatt account, at which point they will be available to be used. How you 
could lose Bonus Points that have not yet transferred to Hyatt: You'll immediate
ly lose all World of Hyatt Bonus Points that haven't been transferred to your Wo
rld of Hyatt account if your card account status changes, or your card account i
s closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, 
or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. Points
 expiration: The Bonus Points transferred to your World of Hyatt account won't e
xpire as long as your card account is open. If your card account is closed, you 
will lose any unredeemed points (including Bonus Points) in your World of Hyatt 
account if you fail to have qualifying activity in the World of Hyatt program at
 least once every 24 months. Please see the World of Hyatt program terms and con
ditions at worldofhyatt.com/terms for details on how to keep your account active
. Also, if your World of Hyatt account is terminated, any unredeemed points in y
our World of Hyatt account will be lost. Rewards Categories: Merchants who accep
t Visa/MasterCard credit cards are assigned a merchant code, which is determined
 by the merchant or its processor in accordance with Visa/MasterCard procedures 
based on the kinds of products and services they primarily sell. We group simila
r merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers to you. P
lease note: We make every effort to include all relevant merchant codes in our r
ewards categories. However, even though a merchant or some of the items that it 
sells may appear to fit within a rewards category, the merchant may not have a m
erchant code in that category. When this occurs, purchases with that merchant wo
n't qualify for rewards offers on purchases in that category. Purchases submitte
d by you, an authorized user, or the merchant through third-party payment accoun
ts, mobile or wireless card readers, online or mobile digital wallets, or simila
r technology will not qualify in a rewards category if the technology is not set
 up to process the purchase in that rewards category. For more information about
 Chase rewards categories, see www.Chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs. All World of H
yatt program terms and conditions apply and are available at worldofhyatt.com/te
rms.                                                                            
                Point Redemption                                                
                        For details on redeeming World of Hyatt points, please v
isit worldofhyatt.com and see the World of Hyatt terms and conditions, available
 at worldofhyatt.com/terms.                                                     
                                       World of Hyatt Elite Status              
                                                          The primary cardmember
 will receive Discoverist status in the World of Hyatt program as long as their 
Hyatt Credit Card is open and not in default and the cardmember complies with th
e World of Hyatt terms and conditions (available at worldofhyatt.com/terms). An 
authorized user will not receive Discoverist status or associated benefits in th
e World of Hyatt program as a result of his or her designation as an additional 
authorized user of the Hyatt Credit Card (provided that (s)he may independently 
enroll in and earn Discoverist status in the World of Hyatt program as otherwise
 set forth in the World of Hyatt program terms and conditions).                 
                                                                           Eligi
ble Spend                                                                       
 To learn more about eligible spend, please see Eligible Rate, Eligible Incident
al Charges and Eligible Non-Stay Charges as defined in Appendix A of the World o
f Hyatt Terms and Conditions.                                                   
                                         Visa Concierge                         
                                               Cardmembers are responsible for t
he cost of any goods or services purchased through Visa Signature Concierge.    
                                                                                
        WORLD OF HYATT PROGRAM INFORMATION                                      
                                  Receipt and use of any World of Hyatt™ program
 points, awards or benefits require membership in the World of Hyatt program. Al
l World of Hyatt points earned through use of the Hyatt Credit Card are "Bonus P
oints" as defined in the World of Hyatt terms and conditions. Bonus Points may b
e redeemed for awards in the World of Hyatt program, but are not counted for the
 purposes of calculating a member's progress towards elite status in the World o
f Hyatt program. All participation in the World of Hyatt program, including accr
ual and redemption of points and awards and receipt of membership benefits, is s
ubject to the terms and conditions of the World of Hyatt program. Visit worldofh
yatt.com/terms for complete terms and conditions of the World of Hyatt program. 
Terms and conditions of the World of Hyatt program may be modified and offers, s
ervices, and benefits may be added or deleted at any time as described in the Wo
rld of Hyatt program terms and conditions. Individuals whose request for a credi
t card is not approved will not be enrolled in the World of Hyatt program throug
h this offer, although existing World of Hyatt memberships will not be affected.
 Additional authorized users will not be enrolled in the World of Hyatt program 
as a result of this offer. World of Hyatt Bonus Points awarded through the use o
f the authorized user's card will only be credited to the primary cardmember's W
orld of Hyatt account. Authorized users will not be eligible for elite status in
 the World of Hyatt program, or associated benefits, based on their use of the p
rimary cardmember's Hyatt Credit Card.                                          
                                                                                
                                          The trademarks Hyatt®, Hyatt Hotels &a
mp; Resorts®, World of Hyatt®, Park Hyatt®, Miraval®, Grand Hyatt®, Hyatt Regenc
y®, Andaz®, Hyatt Centric®, The Unbound Collection by Hyatt™, Hyatt Place®, Hyat
t House®, Hyatt Zilara™, Hyatt Ziva™, Hyatt Residence Club®, and related marks a
re trademarks of Hyatt Corporation or its affiliates.Accounts subject to credit 
approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Credit Cards are issued by Chase B
ank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                              