Eligibility
                        
                        
                        To be eligible for a Disney Visa Credit Card you must have a valid permanent home address within the 50 United States or the District of Columbia. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Disney Visa Credit Cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.
                    
                    
                        
                            $50 Statement Credit
                        
                        
                        This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. You must apply using the application link on this page to be eligible for this offer. In some instances, an application may require additional time to process. This offer is limited to a one-time award for new cardmembers of a $50 statement credit after First Purchase with the Disney Visa Card. ("First Purchase" does not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Please allow up to 8 weeks after your First Purchase with the card for this credit to appear in your statement.
                    
                    
                        
                            Earn Disney Rewards Dollars
                        
                        
                        Subject to credit approval. You will earn one percent (1%) in Disney Rewards Dollars for every one dollar in Qualifying Purchases. ("Qualifying Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your Card Account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) Additional terms and conditions that apply to Disney Rewards Dollars will be provided to you with your Disney Visa Card once you become a cardmember.
                    
                    
                        
                            Disney Theme Park & Resort Perks
                        
                        
                        Offers and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating locations, are subject to availability and additional restrictions, and may change or be canceled without notice. Must use a valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card to receive special offers. Merchandise discount may not be available for certain items and at certain locations including Disneyland® Resort and Walt Disney World® Resort Operating Participant locations and any other locations or kiosks that are not owned or operated by the owners of the Disneyland® Resort or Walt Disney World® Resort. To receive a merchandise discount, you must mention the specific offer. For entry into the Disney Character or Star Wars™ Character Experience Photo Opportunities, must present your valid Disney Visa Credit Card. Not valid in combination with other offers, discounts, promotions or with any previous purchase. Minimum purchase and/or separate admission may be required. Offers are for personal use only and may not be transferred or resold. Chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of these Disney Theme Park and Resort perks.
                    
                    
                        
                            Character Experience
                        
                        
                        The Disneyland® Resort Character Experience Photo Opportunities are offered daily during set hours–the Disney Character Experience is at Disney California Adventure® Park and the Star Wars™ Character Experience is at Disneyland® Park. The Walt Disney World® Resort Character Experience Photo Opportunities are offered daily during set hours–the Disney Character Experience is at Epcot® and the Star Wars™ Character Experience is at Disney's Hollywood Studios®. Separate Theme Park admission required for each Character Experience Opportunity. Must present a valid Disney Visa Credit Card for entry for up to 6 people per cardmember account (each cardmember account may be used for entry only one time per day). Operating times, days of the week, locations and appearance of Characters may vary and are subject to restrictions and change or cancellation without notice. Offer includes complimentary downloads of your Disney PhotoPass® photos taken at the Disney Visa Character Experience location that are associated to your Disney account. To access complimentary downloads of your Disney PhotoPass® photos taken at the Disney Visa Character Experience location at the Disneyland® Resort, go to Disneyland.com/photopass or at the location at Walt Disney World® Resort, go to MyDisneyPhotoPass.com and then log-in using your existing account or create an account. MagicBands or other medium scanned by the photographer at the time of capture must be linked to your My Disney Experience Profile at Walt Disney World® Resort or linked to your Disneyland® Resort account, or you may claim PhotoPass cards provided to you by the photographer by entering the PhotoPass ID number found on the back of your PhotoPass card. One photo session per valid cardmember account per day. Offer not valid for photos taken at other Disney PhotoPass® locations or attractions photos. Photos will expire pursuant to the expiration policy at Disneyland.disney.go.com/photopass-expiration-policy or MyDisneyPhotoPass.disney.go.com/help-and-support, as applicable. Not responsible for missing, lost or damaged photos. Not valid in combination with other offers, discounts or promotions. Offer is for personal use only and may not be transferred or resold. Please visit DisneyRewards.com/ParkPerks for additional information.
                    
                    
                        
                            Merchandise Savings at Disney Theme Parks & Resorts
                        
                        
                        A $50 minimum pre-tax single transaction merchandise purchase is required to receive discount. Must use your valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card as payment form and mention this offer. Discount is not valid on previous purchases or on purchases of ticket media, gift certificates, Disney Gift Cards, Park Admission, Arcades, tobacco, alcohol, Outdoor Vending (e.g., in-Park balloon vendors, glow vendors), Add-a-Dollar (Wildlife Conservation Fund), postage stamps, rentals (e.g., strollers, ECV), personalization including D-Tech Me figures, Disney PhotoPass® online purchases, PhotoPass+ and Memory Maker, framed Disney Dollars, Artist Sketch Program, original or consignment art, select limited editions, select specialty items, purchase-with-purchase offers, newspapers/periodicals, books, videos, DVDs, CDs, sundries, pantry/prepared foods, digital/video/disposable cameras, film, consumer electronics, National branded fragrances, treatments and cosmetics, Swarovski® Crystal, select collectibles, handmade items, special orders, Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique and Pirate League packages (at Walt Disney World® Resort), phone, email or mail order purchases, shipping or taxes or Authentic Hawaiian Collectibles. Discount does not apply at the following locations at the Disneyland® Resort: Midway Games, Fairytale Arts, Jewel of Orleans, Silhouette Studio, Portrait Artists, Parasol Cart, Crystal Shops (Crystal Arts and Cristal d'Orleans), face painting locations, or at any Downtown Disney® District location other than World of Disney® Store, D Street, Disney Vault 28, WonderGround Gallery, Marceline's Confectionery, Disney's Pin Traders and Anna & Elsa's Boutique. Discount is not available at Cast Connection, Disney's Character Premiere, Disney's Character Warehouse or Walt Disney World® Resort Operating Participant locations and any other locations or kiosks that are not owned or operated by the owners of the Walt Disney World® Resort, except for Basin®, Basin White®, Chapel Hats (store and kiosk), Good Fortune Gifts and House of Good Fortune, kidsHeritage, Luxury of Time, Marrakesh Emporium Arts & Crafts, Joffrey's coffee/tea kiosks and Tea Traders Café by Joffrey's, Sperry and Volcom. Offer and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating locations and items, are subject to availability and additional restrictions, and may change or be canceled without notice. Not valid in combination with other offers, discounts or promotions. Separate admission may be required. Discount is for personal use only and may not be transferred or used to purchase merchandise with the intent to resell the merchandise.
                    
                    
                        
                            Dining Savings at Disney Parks & Resorts
                        
                        
                        Offer excludes alcoholic beverages, merchandise, tobacco, room service, holiday buffets, tax and gratuity. Must use your valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card at time of purchase. Discount valid at the following restaurant locations: Walt Disney World® Resort–Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge & Villas: Boma - Flavors of Africa, Jiko - The Cooking Place (see restrictions), and Sanaa; Disney's BoardWalk Inn & Villas: ESPN Sports Club and Flying Fish (see restrictions); Disney's Contemporary Resort: The Wave...of American Flavors; Disney's Fort Wilderness Resort & Campground: Trail's End Restaurant; Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa: Citricos (see restrictions), Grand Floridian Cafe, and Narcoossee's; Disney's Old Key West Resort: Olivia's Cafe; Disney's Polynesian Village Resort: Kona Cafe; Disney's Port Orleans Resort: Boatwright's Dining Hall; Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort & Spa: The Turf Club Bar and Grill; Disney's Wilderness Lodge: Artist Point (see restrictions) and Whispering Canyon Cafe; Disney's Yacht Club Resort: Captain's Grille and Cape May Cafe; Disney's Hollywood Studios®: The Hollywood Brown Derby (see restrictions) and Hollywood & Vine (see restrictions); Epcot®: Biergarten Restaurant (see restrictions), Coral Reef Restaurant (lunch only), Le Cellier Steakhouse (lunch only), and Rose & Crown Dining Room (lunch only); and ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex: ESPN Wide World of Sports Grill. For locations where it is noted to see restrictions, the discount does not apply to the following dates: 11/23/17, 12/24/17, 12/25/17, 12/31/17, 1/1/18, 2/14/18, 4/1/18, 5/13/18 and 7/4/18. The Disneyland® Resort–Disneyland® Park: French Market and River Belle Terrace; Disney California Adventure® Park: Cocina Cucamonga Mexican Grill, Wine Country Trattoria, and Paradise Garden Grill; Disneyland® Resort Hotels: Steakhouse 55, Disney's PCH Grill and Storytellers Café. Disney's Vero Beach Resort: Shutters. Subject to restaurant operating hours and closures. Offer and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating locations, are subject to availability and additional restrictions, and may change or be canceled without notice. Not valid in combination with other offers, discounts or promotions. Separate admission may be required. Discount is for personal use only and may not be transferred or resold.
                    
                    
                        
                            Guided Tour Savings at Disney Parks
                        
                        
                        Must use your valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card at time of purchase. Most guided tours require separate Theme Park admission. Cardmember must participate in the guided tour or recreation experiences. Guided tours and recreation experiences can be booked for up to 10 total Guests (inclusive of the cardmember). Some guided tours and recreation experiences have age and other restrictions. Offers and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating guided tours and recreation experiences, are subject to availability and additional restrictions, and may change or be canceled without notice. Not valid in combination with other offers, discounts, promotions or with any previous purchase. Guided tour and recreation experience reservations are for personal use only and may not be transferred or resold.
                Following is a list of guided tours that are included at the Disneyland® Resort:
                Walk in Walt's Disneyland® Footsteps (Guided Tour)
                Disney's Happiest Haunts Tour (offered seasonally)
                "Holiday Time at Disneyland®" Tour (offered seasonally)
                
                Following is a list of guided tours that are included at Walt Disney World® Resort:        
                Magic Kingdom® Park
                Disney's Family Magic Tour
                Disney's Keys to the Kingdom Tour
                Disney's The Magic Behind Our Steam Trains Tour
                Walt Disney: Marceline to Magic Kingdom® Tour
        
                Epcot®
                Gardens of the World (offered seasonally)
                The UnDISCOVERed Future World Tour
                Epcot® Seas Adventures – Dolphins in Depth
                Epcot® Seas Adventures – Aqua Tours
                Epcot® Seas Adventures – DiveQuest
                Behind the Seeds
                World Showcase: DestiNations Discovered
                        
                Disney's Animal Kingdom® Theme Park
                Backstage Tales
        
                Multiple Theme Parks, Backstage Areas and Resort Hotels
                Ultimate Day of Thrills VIP Tour
                Ultimate Day for Young Families VIP Tour
                Ultimate Day at Epcot® International Food & Wine Festival
                Backstage Magic
                Disney's Holiday D-Lights Tour (offered seasonally)
                Disney's Yuletide Fantasy (offered seasonally)
                Wilderness Back Trail Adventure
                    
                    
                        
                            Special Vacation Financing
                        
                        
                        Get special vacation financing on select Disney Resort packages, all Adventures by Disney® packages, all Aulani, A Disney Resort & Spa, Ko Olina, Hawai‘i vacation packages, and all Disney Cruise Line packages (collectively, Disney Vacation Packages). Disney Vacation Packages must be booked by you or your travel agent through the Walt Disney Travel Company, Disney Cruise Line or Adventures by Disney Travel Services, Inc. and charged to your Disney Visa Credit Card prior to commencement of your vacation. Other restrictions and exclusions apply. Please refer to the Pricing & Terms for pricing details. You will receive complete terms and conditions for this offer once you become a cardmember.
                    
                    
                        
                            Merchandise Savings at Disney Store
                        
                        
                        10% off Restrictions: Offer valid only at Disney store and Disney Baby Store retail locations in the U.S. or orders placed online at shopDisney.com. Not valid on purchases at The Disney Studio Store Hollywood & Ghirardelli Soda Fountain Shop, Disney Parks and Resort locations, including World of Disney® locations and Shop Disney Parks app, or any online platforms other than shopDisney.com. Offer excludes taxes, Shipping & Handling, Theme Park Passes, Disney Electronics, DVDs, Blu-ray™, CDs, Video Games, Books, Art & Collectibles, Jim Shore, Lenox®, Enesco Busts and Figurines, Olszewski, Precious Moments, Vinylmation, Limited Edition and Limited Availability merchandise, Ethan Allen, Bikes & Scooters, Disney Store 30th Anniversary merchandise, Electronic Toys, D23 Memberships, D23 Merchandise, gift cards or certificates, The Walt Disney Company Collectible Shareholder Certificate, 3-D printed merchandise, Subscription products, personalization, gift wrap and gift boxes and items not in stock. Additional exclusions may apply. Offer cannot be combined with any other offer or discount except available shipping offers. No adjustments to prior purchases. Merchandise subject to availability. Prices subject to change without notice. Returns and exchanges will be subject to discount taken at time of purchase. Valid packing slip or receipt required for returns and exchanges. Payment with valid Disney Visa Card and/or Disney Rewards Redemption Card is required. Promotion Code may not be redeemed for cash, sold, or altered. Internet distribution strictly prohibited. Use of offer or Promotion Code DRVCMEMBER constitutes acceptance of these offer terms. Offer may be canceled or modified at any time without notice. Visit shopDisney.com/DRVCPerkDetails. for the most current list of exclusions and any updates to these offer terms. Void where prohibited. Chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of this offer.
                    
                    
                        
                            Cardmember Events at Disney Store
                        
                        
                        Invitation valid at participating U.S. retail stores on event day only. Event passes limited based on store capacity. Passes are subject to availability and will be allocated on a first-come, first-served basis via the event website. Users who successfully claim any passes will need to print the email with a valid booking number and take them along to the Disney Store location on the day of the event at the time given. No cash alternative. Passes are non-transferable and for the use of the cardmember and their minor guests for whom passes have been provided only. All minors must be accompanied by an adult. Emailing of passes, distribution of personal login details, passwords, passes, photocopying and multiple printing of passes is strictly prohibited. Users found to be in violation of this rule may be barred from using the Reservation Site. Passes may not under any circumstances be resold for financial or any other material gain. Event subject to change or cancellation without notice. While supplies last. Void where prohibited. Chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of this offer.
                    
                    
                        
                            Card Designs
                        
                        
                        Card designs are subject to availability and may change without notice.
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        © Disney and its related entities.
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                