Bonus Avios
                        
                        
                        This product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. You will qualify for 50,000 bonus Avios if you make $3,000 in Purchases within 3 months of account opening. You will qualify for 25,000 bonus Avios if you make a total of $10,000 in Purchases within 12 months of account opening (for a possible total of 75,000 bonus Avios). You will qualify for 25,000 bonus Avios if you make a total of $20,000 in Purchases within 12 months of account opening (for a possible total of 100,000 bonus Avios). After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus Avios to post to your account. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like charges such as travelers checks, foreign currency, and money orders, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.
                    
                    
                        
                            Earn Avios
                        
                        
                        Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the Aer Lingus card rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com.
        How you can earn Avios points: You'll earn Avios points when you, or an authorized user, use an Aer Lingus credit card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count as a purchase and won't earn Avios points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 3 Avios points: You'll earn 3 Avios points for each $1 spent on flight purchases made directly with Aer Lingus, British Airways, Iberia, LEVEL. 1 Avios point: You'll earn 1 Avios point for each $1 spent on all other purchases. Information about earning/transferring Avios points to Aer Lingus: Avios points earned during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to Aer Lingus AerClub after the end of each billing cycle. Avios points expiration: Avios points will expire according to the Aer Lingus AerClub program Terms and Conditions which include maintaining Aer Lingus AerClub program activity for 36 consecutive months. Losing Avios points: You'll immediately lose all Avios points that haven't been transferred to Aer Lingus AerClub if your Aer Lingus credit card account status changes, or your Aer Lingus credit card account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement.
                    
                    
                        
                            Commercial Companion Ticket
                        
                        
                        Subject to Aer Lingus flight availability. No taxes and fees apply to the Companion Ticket. Aer Lingus terms and conditions apply. Cardmember must make $30,000 in Purchases in a single calendar year on their Aer Lingus Visa Card to receive an Economy Companion Ticket. Purchase Transactions must post to Cardmember's billing statement on or before December 31 of the calendar year in order to qualify for the $30,000 spend. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) The Companion Ticket will be in the form of a voucher that can be redeemed by a Cardmember for an economy companion ticket with a paid economy flight. Cardmember is eligible for only one voucher each calendar year. The Economy Companion Ticket will be issued after the billing cycle when Cardmember reaches $30,000 in purchases. Cardmember will receive a voucher email from Avios 4-6 weeks later, and must email Aer Lingus directly at chasecompanionticket@aerlingus.com to book using the companion voucher. The maximum response time to an email will be 48hrs Monday to Thursday and 72hrs Friday to Sunday. Only 1 companion ticket can be used per booking. Cardmember will not be eligible for another voucher until the next calendar year. Once the Companion Ticket is issued, credits to the Aer Lingus credit card account will not cause forfeiture of the Companion Ticket. The voucher is valid for an economy Companion Ticket in conjunction with the Cardmember's paid economy flight on Aer Lingus taken within 12 months of the date of issue. Cardmember must book the companion on or before 30 days before flying. All vouchers will be issued in the name of the primary Cardmember who must travel on any booking where the voucher is used. The voucher cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotion and is only valid if it has been acquired in accordance with the rules of this promotion. The voucher is not extendable, transferable, has no cash or Avios value and is subject to availability. Companion must travel with the Cardmember on both the outbound and inbound journey and be booked at the same time for both directions. Flights and voucher may only be used for flights which are operated by Aer Lingus. Travel on franchise, codeshare or alliance airlines is not permitted. All travel must originate in and return to the US, and is only valid on flights between the US and Ireland. Additional restrictions may apply. This offer is not from Chase. Chase Bank USA, N.A. is not responsible for the provision of or failure to provide the stated benefits and services.
                    
                    
                        
                            Flight Redemption
                        
                        
                        Avios can be redeemed for reward flights on Aer Lingus. Existing AerClub members will be prompted to enter their AerClub number. If you are not already an AerClub member please visit aerlingus.com in order to enroll. Avios will be deposited in your AerClub account within 4-6 weeks. Redemption of Avios for travel is solely the responsibility of AerClub.
                    
                    
                        
                            PRIORITY BOARDING:
                        
                        
                        Primary cardmembers and authorized users are eligible for priority boarding on Aer Lingus operated flights only. To receive priority boarding primary cardmembers and authorized users must display their valid Aer Lingus Visa credit card number at the gate prior to boarding. Primary cardmembers and authorized users are eligible for priority boarding on Aer Lingus operated flights departing from the US and returning to the US from Ireland. Chase is not responsible for the provision of or the failure to provide, priority boarding.
                    
                    
                        
                            Reward Flights
                        
                        
                        At time of this publication all reward flights and travel together tickets are subject to taxes, fees and carrier charges of approximately $682 - $1,250 per adult in economy or $1,250 in business class based on travel from Seattle to London.Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Aer Lingus Visa Signature credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.
                    
                    
                        
                            Aer Lingus AerClub Program
                        
                        
                        By applying for the Aer Lingus Visa card you agree that an AerClub account will be created for you subject to the AerClub terms and conditions, please visit aerlingus.com/aerclub.
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                        
                    
                