                                                                                
                                                        Chase Freedom Card      
                                                                  Before we appr
ove you for a credit card, we will review your credit report and the information
 you provide with your response to confirm that you meet the criteria for this o
ffer. Based on this review, you may receive a Visa Signature card or Visa Platin
um card with different costs and/or benefits, or you may not receive a card. For
 benefits details, please read your credit card benefits materials which will be
 mailed after your account is established.                                      
                                                      $150 Bonus                
                                                        This product is not avai
lable to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous ca
rdmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credi
t card within the last 24 months. You will receive 15,000 bonus points with this
 bonus offer, which can be redeemed for $150 cash back. To qualify and receive y
our bonus, you must make Purchases totaling $500 or more during the first 3 mont
hs from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include balance transfers, cash adv
ances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or simil
ar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wage
rs or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interes
t, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual
 fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus poin
ts to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be
 open and not in default at the time of fulfillment.                            
                                                                $25 Bonus       
                                                                 This product is
 not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) pr
evious cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for t
his credit card within the last 24 months. You will receive 2,500 bonus points w
ith this bonus offer, which can be redeemed for $25 cash back. To qualify for an
d receive your bonus, your First Purchase and addition of an authorized user to 
your account must both occur during the first 3 months from account opening. ("F
irst Purchase" does not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers chec
ks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transact
ions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting
 transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fr
audulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.)
 After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus points to post to your ac
count. To be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in defa
ult at the time of fulfillment.                                                 
                                           Adding an Authorized User            
                                                            All correspondence, 
including credit cards, statements, and notifications will be sent to the name a
nd address on file for the primary cardmember. The primary cardmember is respons
ible for repaying all balances on this account. Authorized users will have the s
ame account number and charging privileges as the primary cardmember but will no
t be financially responsible. Chase provides account information to the credit r
eporting agencies for all account users. This information could impact an author
ized user's credit score. When you tell us to add a user to your account, you're
 confirming that you have a relationship with the person or people whose name(s)
, address(es), and date of birth(s) you've told us, that all their information i
s correct, and that you have their consent to add them. If Chase determines you'
ve given us fraudulent name, address, or date of birth information, or did not h
ave such consent, Chase can close this account.                                 
                                                           Zero Liability Protec
tion                                                                        Zero
 Liability Protection does not apply to use of an account by an authorized user 
without the approval of the primary cardmember. If you think someone used your a
ccount without permission, tell us immediately by calling the Cardmember Service
s number on your card or billing statement.                                     
                                                       Alerts                   
                                                     Delivery of alerts may be d
elayed for various reasons, including service outages affecting your phone, wire
less or Internet provider; technology failures; and system capacity limitations.
 There is no charge from Chase, but message and data rates may apply. Such charg
es include those from your communications service provider.                     
                                                                       Cash Back
 and Points                                                                     
   Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the Chase Freedom rewar
ds program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards
 Program Agreement once your account is established. If you become a Chase Onlin
e customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available after logging 
in to chase.com/ultimaterewards.        Cash Back and Points: "Cash Back rewards
" are the rewards you earn under the program. Cash Back rewards are tracked as p
oints and each $1 in Cash Back rewards earned is equal to 100 points. You may si
mply see "Cash Back" in marketing materials when referring to the rewards you ea
rn. How you can earn points: You'll earn points when you, or an authorized user,
 use a Chase Freedom card to make purchases of products and services, minus retu
rns or refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will
 count as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count a
nd won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advances and other cash-like trans
actions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar bett
ing transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or
 fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicabl
e. 1% Cash Back: You'll earn 1% Cash Back rewards for each $1 spent. 5% Cash Bac
k: You'll earn 5% Cash Back rewards total for each $1 spent until $1,500 is spen
t on combined purchases in the quarterly bonus categories each quarter that you 
activate the bonus (4% additional Cash Back rewards on top of the 1% Cash Back r
ewards earned on each purchase). You must activate your 5% Cash Back bonus each 
quarter by the activation deadline. 5% Cash Back quarterly bonus categories may 
include individual select merchants in addition to bonus rewards categories. Aft
er $1,500 is spent on combined purchases in the quarterly bonus categories each 
quarter, you go back to earning 1% Cash Back rewards for every dollar spent, wit
h no maximum. For more information on 5% Cash Back quarterly bonus offers, pleas
e visit chase.com/freedom and select the Chase Freedom FAQs link at the bottom o
f the page. How you can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for a
ny available reward options, including cash, gift cards, travel, and products or
 services made available through the program or directly from third party mercha
nts. Redemption values for reward options vary. Points expiration/losing points:
 Your points don't expire as long as your account remains open, however, you wil
l immediately lose all your points if your account status changes, or your accou
nt is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankrupt
cy, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. Re
wards Categories: Merchants who accept Visa/MasterCard credit cards are assigned
 a merchant code, which is determined by the merchant or its processor in accord
ance with Visa/MasterCard procedures based on the kinds of products and services
 they primarily sell. We group similar merchant codes into categories for purpos
es of making rewards offers to you. Please note: We make every effort to include
 all relevant merchant codes in our rewards categories. However, even though a m
erchant or some of the items that it sells may appear to fit within a rewards ca
tegory, the merchant may not have a merchant code in that category. When this oc
curs, purchases with that merchant won't qualify for rewards offers on purchases
 in that category. Purchases submitted by you, an authorized user, or the mercha
nt through third-party payment accounts, mobile or wireless card readers, online
 or mobile digital wallets, or similar technology will not qualify in a rewards 
category if the technology is not set up to process the purchase in that rewards
 category. For more information about Chase rewards categories, see www.Chase.co
m/RewardsCategoryFAQs.                                                          
                                  Shop With Points                              
                                          Using your Points at Amazon.com Checko
ut (Shop with Points): Additional Chase and Amazon.com Shop with Points service 
terms apply. Learn more about Shop with Points by going to www.amazon.com/chasef
reedomswp. Some or all documents, services, websites (whether controlled by Chas
e or others) and/or correspondence may be available only in English.Amazon, the 
Amazon.com logo and the smile logo are trademarks of Amazon or its affiliates.Ac
counts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Chase Fre
edom credit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A. Offer subject to change.   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
 