                                                                                
                                                        50,000 Bonus Miles      
                                                                  This product i
s not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) p
revious cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for 
this credit card within the last 24 months. With this bonus offer, you will qual
ify and receive 50,000 bonus miles after you make Purchases totaling $3,000 or m
ore during the first 3 months from account opening. ("Purchases" do not include 
balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orde
rs, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino ga
ming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that a
ccess your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of an
y kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) After qualifying, please allow 
6 to 8 weeks for bonus miles to post to your account. To be eligible for this bo
nus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. B
onus miles do not count towards Premier status. If your account is not open for 
at least six months, United and Chase reserve the right to deduct the bonus mile
s from your MileagePlus Program account. Offer subject to change.               
                                                                             Uni
ted Club Membership                                                             
           United ClubSM membership is subject to United Club terms and conditio
ns, united.com/UnitedClubRules, and access policies, united.com/UnitedClubAccess
, each of which is subject to change, with or without notice. Information on the
 terms and access policies for participating Star Alliance lounges is available 
at StarAlliance.com. Please allow 2 weeks after account open date for the United
 Club membership to activate (excludes Star Alliance and affiliated lounges). Th
e United Club membership card will be sent to the primary Cardmember 6 weeks aft
er the account open date. Authorized users will not receive their own United Clu
b membership and are only eligible for United Club access if they accompany the 
primary Cardmember and qualify as an eligible guest per the then-current United 
Club access policies. The Cardmember's United Club membership will be renewed au
tomatically on each credit card anniversary date, provided that the account is o
pen and not in default. Existing United Club members are eligible to receive a p
ro-rated refund for any unused portion of their current membership if the refund
 is greater than $15. Please allow 6 to 10 weeks to receive refund checks. Lifet
ime United Club members are excluded from receiving a reimbursement. Chase is no
t responsible for the fulfillment of the United Club membership.                
                                                                            Prem
ier Access                                                                      
  The primary Cardmember and companions traveling on the same reservation are el
igible for Premier Access®; authorized users are only eligible if they are on th
e same reservation as the primary Cardmember. Benefits include the following tra
vel services where available: designated check-in lines, priority security lanes
, priority boarding, and priority baggage handling. To receive Premier Access, t
he primary Cardmember must include their MileagePlus® number in their reservatio
n. Premier Access is only available on United- and United Express-operated fligh
ts; codeshare partner-operated flights are not eligible. Chase is not responsibl
e for the provision of, or failure to provide, Premier Access. Please allow 2 we
eks after account opening for Premier Access to be available on your United rese
rvation. Please visit united.com/PremierAccess for details.                     
                                                                       Earning A
ward Miles                                                                      
  Rewards Program Agreement: For more information about the United MileagePlus® 
Club Card rewards program, view the latest Rewards Program Agreement. We will ma
il your Rewards Program Agreement once your account is established. If you becom
e a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will also be available
 after logging in to chase.com.        How you can earn miles: You'll earn miles
 when you, or an authorized user, use a United MileagePlus® credit card to make 
purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products an
d services with your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the
 following types of transactions won't count and won't earn miles: balance trans
fers, cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino ga
ming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that a
ccess your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of an
y kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 1.5 miles: You'll earn 1.5 miles
 for each $1 spent. 2 miles: You'll earn 2 miles total for each $1 spent on airl
ine tickets purchased directly from United (.5 additional miles on top of the 1.
5 miles per $1 earned on each purchase). Information about earning/transferring 
miles to United: Miles earned during a billing cycle will be automatically trans
ferred to United after the end of each billing cycle. Miles expiration: The mile
s transferred to your MileagePlus account will not expire as long as your credit
 card account is open. If your credit card account is closed, or if you change y
our account to a Chase United Credit Card account which does not have an annual 
fee, your miles will expire according to the MileagePlus program rules. Losing m
iles: You'll immediately lose all miles that haven't been transferred to United 
if your card account status changes, or your card account is closed for program 
misuse, fraudulent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons desc
ribed in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement.                            
                                                                Free Checked Bag
s                                                                        The pri
mary Cardmember and one traveling companion on the same reservation are each eli
gible to receive their first and second standard checked bags free; authorized u
sers are only eligible if they are on the same reservation as the primary Cardme
mber. To receive first and second standard checked bags free, the primary Cardme
mber must include their MileagePlus® number in their reservation and use their M
ileagePlus Club Card to purchase their ticket(s). First and second standard chec
ked bags free is only available on United- and United Express-operated flights; 
codeshare partner-operated flights are not eligible. Service charges for oversiz
ed, overweight and extra baggage may apply. Cardmembers who are already exempt f
rom other checked baggage service charges will not receive additional free stand
ard checked bags. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to p
rovide, the stated benefits. Please allow 2 weeks after account opening for your
 first and second free standard checked bags to be available on eligible United 
reservations. Please visit united.com/ChaseBag for details.                     
                                                                       United Sa
ver Awards                                                                      
  United Economy Saver Awards are redeemable starting as low as 12,500 miles for
 one-way travel within the continental U.S. and Canada as of January, 1 2018. Aw
ard pricing is subject to change without notice.                                
                                                            Award Availability a
nd Fees                                                                        T
he primary Cardmember can use miles to book award travel on any United-operated 
flight at the MileagePlus® Everyday Award level, including award travel booked b
y the primary Cardmember for an authorized user under the primary Cardmember's M
ileagePlus number, as long as tickets are still available for sale for the appli
cable cabin on such flight. The primary Cardmember's MileagePlus number must be 
provided before starting the award travel booking process. Award bookings under 
an authorized user's MileagePlus number will not receive this benefit. Award pri
cing is subject to change without notice. Saver Awards, awards on partner-operat
ed flights and upgrade awards are subject to limitations and restrictions.  Pass
enger is responsible for all taxes, fees, baggage fees and surcharges applicable
 to award travel, including, with respect to government imposed taxes and fees, 
September 11th Security Fee of $5.60 per one-way trip that does not include a go
vernment defined stopover, US Customs, Immigration and APHIS User Fees of $17.50
 for each international arrival in the U.S.; and non-U.S. government ticket taxe
s, fees and airport charges may add up to $275 per ticket as of January, 1 2018.
 Such taxes, fees and surcharges must be paid at the time of ticketing and are s
ubject to change. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or failure to p
rovide, the stated benefits. Visit united.com/awards for details.               
                                                                             Clo
se-In Fee Waiver                                                                
        The primary Cardmember will receive a close-in booking fee waiver on awa
rd tickets booked less than 21 days before departure, including award tickets bo
oked by the primary Cardmember for an authorized user under the primary Cardmemb
er's MileagePlus® number. The primary Cardmember's MileagePlus number must be pr
ovided before starting the award travel booking process. Award booking under an 
authorized user's MileagePlus number will not receive this benefit. Chase is not
 responsible for the provision of, or failure to provide, close-in booking fee w
aivers. Please visit united.com/awards. for information about MileagePlus awards
.                                                                               
             Upgrading Award Tickets                                            
                            The primary Cardmember who has MileagePlus® Premier®
 status and is traveling on an award ticket is eligible for Complimentary Premie
r Upgrades on select United- and United Express-operated flights, subject to ava
ilability; travel companions and authorized users are not eligible. Assignment o
f Complimentary Premier Upgrades on award tickets within each Premier level will
 be prioritized after the lowest paid fare class. Chase is not responsible for t
he provision of, or failure to provide, the stated benefits. Please visit united
.com/upgrades for details on flights eligible for Complimentary Premier Upgrades
 and upgrade processing.                                                        
                                    World of Hyatt Discoverist Status           
                                                             The primary Cardmem
ber is eligible for Discoverist status in the World of Hyatt program and will ne
ed to register for this benefit at united.com/HyattChaseBenefit. Please allow 4 
weeks for the registration request to be processed by Hyatt. To receive Discover
ist benefits, the primary Cardmember must provide their World of Hyatt membershi
p number at time of reservation or at time of check-in. All benefits are subject
 to complete World of Hyatt Terms and Conditions, available at worldofhyatt.com/
terms. Chase Bank USA, N.A., is not responsible for the provision of, or the fai
lure to provide, the stated benefits and services.                              
                                                              Hertz Gold Plus Re
wards® President's Circle® Membership                                           
                             The primary Cardmember is eligible to enroll in Her
tz Gold Plus Rewards President's Circle by visiting united.com/HertzChaseBenefit
. Please allow 3-7 business days after enrolling in Hertz Gold Plus Rewards Pres
ident's Circle for your membership to process. In order to receive Hertz Gold Pl
us Rewards President's Circle benefits, the primary Cardmember must include thei
r Hertz Gold Plus Rewards member number in their Hertz reservation. In order to 
receive the Hertz Gold Plus Rewards points, the primary Cardmember must opt in, 
under the "Member Details" section of their Hertz profile. Offer made by Hertz. 
All Hertz Membership and Rental Terms and Conditions apply, including the right 
to change, limit or modify the President's Circle Program or portions of the pro
gram at any time. Please visit united.com/HertzChaseBenefit for details. Chase B
ank USA, N.A. is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide
, the stated benefits and services.                                             
                                               Room Upgrades and Special Ameniti
es                                                                        The Lu
xury Hotel &amp; Resort Collection (LHRC) program benefits and Guest Privileges 
are available exclusively on select Chase credit cards. To receive the Guest Pri
vileges, reservations must be made through an LHRC Travel Specialist or on LHRCo
llection.com. Websites and other information provided by LHRC and/or participati
ng hotels are not within Chase's control and may or may not be available in Span
ish. All exclusive amenities and Guest Privileges are provided per room and are 
based on double occupancy. Some amenities may only apply to select rates, may be
 subject to availability at check-in, and are not redeemable for cash. Amenities
 may not be combined with other offers, including tour operator or wholesaler ra
tes and packages. Complimentary Wi-Fi provided, with the exception of Mombo Camp
 where Wi-Fi is not available. Program benefits, participating properties, and G
uest Privileges are valid through the current calendar year, but may become unav
ailable due to circumstances outside of Chase's control. All efforts have been m
ade to ensure the accuracy of the information contained. We reserve the right to
 correct any mistakes. Certain blackout dates and other restrictions may apply. 
This program is brought to you by Chase through an agreement with Signature Trav
el Network.                                                                     
                       Concierge Service                                        
                                Cardmembers are responsible for the cost of any 
goods or services purchased through the Concierge.                              
                                                              United MileagePlus
 Visa Card Program Information                                                  
                      Individuals whose requests for this offer are not approved
 will not be enrolled in MileagePlus® through this request, although existing Mi
leagePlus members will remain enrolled in MileagePlus. Authorized users will not
 be enrolled in MileagePlus as a result of this request. MileagePlus miles award
ed through the use of the authorized user's card will only be credited to the pr
imary cardmember's account. If a cardmember's membership in United's MileagePlus
 Program is terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of that Progr
am, the cardmember will no longer be eligible to earn any MileagePlus miles for 
purchases using the United MileagePlus Card. Chase's sole obligation concerning 
the award and redemption of miles shall be to make a valid request to United to 
award miles to the cardmember's associated MileagePlus account. Chase disclaims 
liability or responsibility for United's failure to award or redeem miles to the
 cardmember's associated MileagePlus account after Chase has met its obligations
 to United in connection with such a request. Benefits are available as long as 
cardmember's MileagePlus Club Credit Card account is open and not in default. Up
on closure of the cardmember's MileagePlus Club Credit Card account, all benefit
s will be canceled.                                                             
                               MileagePlus Program Terms and Conditions:        
                                                                Miles accrued, a
wards, and benefits issued are subject to change and are subject to the rules of
 the United MileagePlus program, including without limitation the Premier® progr
am (the "MileagePlus Program"), which are expressly incorporated herein. Please 
allow 6-8 weeks after completed qualifying activity for miles to post to your ac
count. United may change the MileagePlus Program including, but not limited to, 
rules, regulations, travel awards and special offers or terminate the MileagePlu
s Program at any time and without notice. United and its subsidiaries, affiliate
s and agents are not responsible for any products or services of other participa
ting companies and partners. Taxes and fees related to award travel are the resp
onsibility of the member. Bonus award miles, award miles and any other miles ear
ned through non-flight activity do not count toward qualification for Premier st
atus unless expressly stated otherwise. The accumulation of mileage or Premier s
tatus or any other status does not entitle members to any vested rights with res
pect to the MileagePlus Program. All calculations made in connection with the Mi
leagePlus Program, including without limitation with respect to the accumulation
 of mileage and the satisfaction of the qualification requirements for Premier s
tatus, will be made by United Airlines and MileagePlus in their discretion and s
uch calculations will be considered final. Information in this communication tha
t relates to the MileagePlus Program does not purport to be complete or comprehe
nsive and may not include all of the information that a member may believe is im
portant, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to all of the information
 on the united.com website and the MileagePlus Program rules. United and Mileage
Plus are registered service marks. For complete details about the MileagePlus Pr
ogram, go to united.com.                                                        
                                                                                
                            Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions an
d limitations apply. United MileagePlus credit cards are issued by Chase Bank US
A, N.A. Offer subject to change.                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
    