                                            © 2018 JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. All 
rights reserved.Chase Bank USA, N.A. is the issuer of The Ritz-Carlton Rewards® 
Credit Card and a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.                        
                                                                    2 Compliment
ary Nights after you spend $4,000 in the first 3 months from Account Opening:   
                                                                     This produc
t is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii
) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus f
or this credit card within the last 24 months. To qualify and receive Two Free N
ight Stay E-Certificates, you must make purchases totaling $4,000 or more during
 the first 3 months from account opening. Purchases are when you, or an authoriz
ed user, use a Ritz-Carlton Rewards credit card to make purchases of products an
d services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with your car
d, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of tran
sactions won't count and won't earn Rewards points: balance transfers, cash adva
nces, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or simila
r cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wager
s or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest
, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual 
fee, if applicable. After qualifying, please allow up to 8 weeks for your Two Fr
ee Night Stay E-Certificates to be automatically deposited into your Ritz-Carlto
n Rewards account. Free Night Stay E-Certificates are valid for hotels in Tiers 
1-4. Certificates are for a standard room type. For participating Tier 1-4 locat
ions, log on to www.RitzCarltonRewards.com or call 1-888-696-0394. All E-Certifi
cates will have an expiration of 12 months. E-Certificates may not be transferre
d, extended beyond the expiration date, or re-credited for points. E-Certificate
s may be used on separate stays or on the same stay. E-Certificates are only val
id at Ritz-Carlton Hotels. Annual fee applies. For pricing details, please see P
ricing &amp; Terms.                                                             
                               10,000 Bonus Points After your First Purchase and
 addition of an Authorized User in the First 3 Months from Account Opening:     
                                                                   This product 
is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) 
previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for
 this credit card within the last 24 months. To qualify for and receive your bon
us, your First Purchase and addition of an authorized user to your account must 
both occur during the first 3 months from account opening. ("First Purchase" doe
s not include balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like charges such as travel
ers checks, foreign currency, and money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-l
ike transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or sim
ilar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauth
orized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if a
pplicable.) After qualifying, please allow up to 8 weeks for bonus points to pos
t to The Ritz-Carlton Rewards® account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, acc
ount must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. If your account
 is not open for at least 6 months, The Ritz-Carlton and Chase reserve the right
 to deduct the bonus points from The Ritz-Carlton Rewards account.              
                                                                              Ad
ding an Authorized User:                                                        
                All correspondence, including credit cards, statements, and noti
fications will be sent to the name and address on file for the primary cardmembe
r. The primary cardmember is responsible for repaying all balances on this accou
nt. Authorized users will have the same account number and charging privileges a
s the primary cardmember but will not be financially responsible. Chase provides
 account information to the credit reporting agencies for all account users. Thi
s information could impact an authorized user's credit score. When you tell us t
o add a user to your account, you're confirming that you have a relationship wit
h the person or people whose name(s), address(es), and date of birth(s) you've t
old us, that all their information is correct, and that you have their consent t
o add them. If Chase determines you've given us fraudulent name, address, or dat
e of birth information, or did not have such consent, Chase can close this accou
nt.                                                                             
               Earning Ritz-Carlton Rewards Points:                             
                                           Rewards Program Agreement: For more i
nformation about The Ritz-Carlton Rewards card rewards program, view the latest 
Rewards Program Agreement. We will mail your Rewards Program Agreement once your
 card account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Reward
s Program Agreement will also be available after logging in to chase.com.       
   How you can earn Rewards points: You'll earn Rewards points when you, or an a
uthorized user, use The Ritz-Carlton Rewards® credit card to make purchases of p
roducts and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services wit
h your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following typ
es of transactions won't count and won't earn Rewards points: balance transfers,
 cash advances and other cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming 
chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access
 your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kin
d, including an annual fee, if applicable. 5 Rewards points ("5X points"): You'l
l earn 5 Rewards points for each $1 spent on qualifying purchases made at partic
ipating The Ritz-Carlton® locations, participating Marriott® locations, and all 
Starwood-branded hotels, which participate in Starwood Preferred Guest®, includi
ng participating: Four Points® by Sheraton, Sheraton® hotels, Aloft® hotels, W® 
Hotels, Le Meridien® hotels, The Luxury Collection® hotels, Element® hotels, Wes
tin® hotels, St. Regis® hotels, Tribute Portfolio™ and Design Hotel™ properties.
 "Participating The Ritz-Carlton locations" and "participating Marriott location
s" mean all The Ritz-Carlton and Marriott branded hotels which participate in Th
e Ritz-Carlton Rewards® or Marriott Rewards. Go to ritzcarltonrewards.com, marri
ottrewards.com, or spg.com, as applicable, for a list of participating locations
. You will only receive the accelerated earn of 5 points for each dollar spent f
rom the credit card program. You will not receive additional points under The Ri
tz-Carlton Rewards program for stays at participating SPG locations. 2 Rewards p
oints ("2X points"): You'll earn 2 Rewards points for each $1 spent in the follo
wing rewards categories: restaurants; airline tickets purchased directly from th
e airline; car rental agencies. 1 Rewards point ("1X point"): You'll earn 1 Rewa
rds point for each $1 spent on all other purchases, including purchases for stay
s at The Ritz-Carlton Destination Club® locations, Charter Rewards points or pay
ment of annual Destination Club program membership dues. Information about earni
ng/transferring Rewards points to The Ritz-Carlton Rewards: Rewards points earne
d during a billing cycle will be automatically transferred to your The Ritz-Carl
ton Rewards account after the end of each billing cycle. Rewards Points Expirati
on: The Rewards points transferred to your The Ritz-Carlton Rewards account won'
t expire as long as there is card earning activity or other qualifying The Ritz-
Carlton Rewards earning or redemption activity every 24 months. For details on t
his points expiration policy, visit www.ritzcarlton.com/en/rewards/about/points-
policy. Losing Rewards points: You'll immediately lose all Rewards points that h
aven't been transferred to your The Ritz-Carlton Rewards account if your card ac
count status changes, or your card account is closed for program misuse, fraudul
ent activities, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or other reasons described in the te
rms of the Rewards Program Agreement. Rewards Categories: Merchants who accept V
isa/MasterCard credit cards are assigned a merchant code, which is determined by
 the merchant or its processor in accordance with Visa/MasterCard procedures bas
ed on the kinds of products and services they primarily sell. We group similar m
erchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers to you. Plea
se note: We make every effort to include all relevant merchant codes in our rewa
rds categories. However, even though a merchant or some of the items that it sel
ls may appear to fit within a rewards category, the merchant may not have a merc
hant code in that category. When this occurs, purchases with that merchant won't
 qualify for rewards offers on purchases in that category. Purchases submitted b
y you, an authorized user, or the merchant through third-party payment accounts,
 mobile or wireless card readers, online or mobile digital wallets, or similar t
echnology will not qualify in a rewards category if the technology is not set up
 to process the purchase in that rewards category. For more information about Ch
ase rewards categories, see www.Chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs.                  
                                                                          $300 A
nnual Travel Credit:                                                            
            To request a statement credit to apply towards qualifying airline in
cidental purchase(s) made with your Ritz-Carlton Rewards Credit Card, you must c
ontact J.P. Morgan Priority Services at the number on the back of your Ritz-Carl
ton Rewards Credit Card within 4 billing cycles of the purchase date. Only the f
ollowing types of non-ticket purchases qualify for this offer: airline lounge da
y pass, or towards a yearly lounge membership of your choice; airline seat upgra
des; airline baggage fees; in-flight Internet/entertainment; in-flight meals. Pu
rchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of pro
ducts and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with 
your card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types
 of transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash adva
nces, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or simila
r cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wager
s or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest
, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual 
fee, if applicable. We do not determine whether merchants correctly identify and
 bill transactions as being of a certain type. However, we do reserve the right 
to determine which purchases qualify for statement credits. Statement credit wil
l post to your account within 5-7 business days and will appear on your monthly 
credit card billing statement within 1-2 billing cycles. Qualifying purchases ma
de by authorized users on your account are eligible for statement credits; howev
er, only the obligor on the account, not authorized users, may request statement
 credits. Maximum statement credit accumulation for this offer is $300 per calen
dar year. Annual credit will be issued for the calendar year in which the transa
ction posts to your account. For example, if you pay baggage fees at the end of 
2015, and the airline does not post the transaction until 2016, the cost of the 
baggage fees will be allocated towards your 2016 calendar year maximum of $300. 
The Ritz-Carlton Rewards is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provisi
on of or a failure to provide the stated benefits and services.                 
                                                                           World
wide Airport Lounge Access:                                                     
                   Certain terms, conditions and exclusions apply. Priority Pass
™ Select membership includes access to airport lounges participating in the Prio
rity Pass Select network. Participating lounges are owned and operated by indepe
ndent third parties and their participation and/or facilities may change. To acc
ess a lounge, member must show his/her valid Priority Pass Select membership car
d. Priority Pass Select membership is subject to the Priority Pass Select Terms 
and Conditions. The Ritz-Carlton Rewards® is not responsible for offer fulfillme
nt or the provision of or a failure to provide the stated benefits and services.
 For complete Priority Pass Select Terms and Conditions and a listing of partici
pating lounges, please visit www.prioritypass.com/select.                       
                                                                     Terms &amp;
 Conditions: Global Entry Credit                                                
                                    You must be an eligible U.S. Visa Infinite c
ardmember to participate in this offer.            You must use the U.S.-issued 
Visa Infinite card to complete the Global Entry application and pay a $100 appli
cation fee with your Chase Visa Infinite card.            Global Entry is a U.S.
 Government program, operated by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP). Visa 
and Chase have no control over the program including, but not limited to, applic
ation, approval process or enrollment, fees charged by CBP, and no liability wit
h regards to the Global Entry program. For complete details on the Global Entry 
program, including full terms and conditions, go to globalentry.gov. Websites an
d other information provided by government agencies are not within Chase's contr
ol and may or may not be available in Spanish.            $100 statement credit 
will be processed after the Global Entry program application fee is charged to a
n eligible card. Holders of eligible cards are entitled to one (1) $100 statemen
t credit per card every 4 years in connection with the Global Entry program appl
ication fee. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks after the Global Entry program applicatio
n fee is charged to an eligible card for a statement credit to be posted to your
 account.            Cardmembers are responsible for payment of all charges unti
l the statement credit posts to the account.            Visa and Chase reserve t
he right to modify or cancel this offer at any time and without notice.         
           The TSA Pre✓® trademark is used with the permission of the U.S. Depar
tment of Homeland Security.                                                     
                                       Terms &amp; Conditions: $100 Airline Tick
et Discount                                                                     
               Chase Bank USA, N.A. is the issuer of The The Ritz-Carlton Reward
s® Visa Infinite credit card. Visa Infinite cardmembers in good standing with th
eir issuer are entitled to receive a $100 discount on the purchase of between 2 
and 5 qualifying round-trip, domestic coach airline tickets on the same itinerar
y when purchased on the Visa Infinite Discount Air website using an eligible U.S
.-issued Visa Infinite card. The $100 discount is applied to the total cost of t
he itinerary, not per ticket.            Ticket must be purchased in full using 
a U.S.-issued Visa Infinite card. No other form of payment will be accepted. The
 cardmember's name on the Visa Infinite card being used to purchase the tickets 
must match the primary traveler's name on the itinerary.            This offer i
s valid only for round-trip travel between cities within the 50 United States of
 America with participating airlines at a commercial airport. Bookings are gener
ally accepted within eleven (11) months of travel date and inventory is determin
ed solely by the airlines. A minimum of 1-day advance purchase is required. This
 $100 discount is not retroactive and may not be applied to previously booked ti
ckets. This $100 discount only applies to a qualifying itinerary and may not be 
combined with or applied to other certificates, promotions or special offers, in
cluding but not limited to: upgrades, government fares, tour/travel packages, gr
oup, convention/company meeting fares, bereavement, companion fares, senior citi
zen discounts, corporate agreements, student fares, child fares, travel industry
 discounts, frequent flyer discounts or any unpublished programs. The normal req
uired taxes and fees will apply to all tickets. Open tickets, open returns, open
 jaws, multi-leg, same-day travel and circle trips are not permitted. Stopovers 
are not allowed.            All tickets are non-refundable except that if a canc
ellation is made for a medical event, an airline may issue a refund in accordanc
e with its policies. See "Cancellation due to a medical event" below for more in
formation.            Airline participation varies from market to market and sea
t inventory is based on availability.            Airline tickets are non-transfe
rable for any reason, medical or otherwise, except where expressly permitted by 
carrier. Name changes are not permitted.                After tickets are purcha
sed:                  If tickets are cancelled after purchase, the cardmember wi
ll receive a credit equal to the after discount amount paid for the cancelled ti
ckets that is held by the airline.          This credit is valid for one (1) yea
r from the original date of purchase.          At the time the credit is redeeme
d, the airline charges a change/cancellation fee per person plus any difference 
in airfare in accordance with applicable airline rules.          To redeem that 
credit with the applicable airline, the cardmember must contact J.P. Morgan Prem
ier Concierge.          If the booking is not cancelled prior to departure and t
he passengers do not travel, the tickets will be forfeited completely.          
      Cancellation due to a medical event:                  When you contact J.P
. Morgan Premier Concierge to cancel any tickets due to a medical event, you mus
t fax the requested documentation confirming the medical event to 818-878-9320. 
         Propco, the company that manages the Visa Infinite Discount Air Benefit
, will contact the airline on your behalf and will request a full refund equal t
o the after discount amount paid and/or waiver of any change/cancellation fees p
er ticket.          The respective airline policy will dictate whether a refund 
or waiver will be granted.          If the airline chooses to issue a credit, th
e airline may impose a change/cancellation fee plus any difference in airfare pe
r person at the time the credit is applied to future travel.          If the air
line chooses to issue a refund, a credit for the cancelled tickets less applicab
le penalties and/or service charges in accordance with the airline rules will be
 refunded and posted to your account within 30 days from the date of issuance by
 the airline.          Visa, its issuers and Propco are not responsible for any 
changes made by a cardmember to a confirmed reservation, including upgrades. Vis
a, its issuers and Propco will not replace or refund any of the value of items s
uch as miles, points or currency used for such changes if the cardmember does no
t use the changed or upgraded ticket for any reason including, but not limited t
o, an airline schedule change, airline delay or cancellation or additional chang
es made by the cardmember, including cancellation of a confirmed reservation.   
       Propco is the final authority on the interpretation of the terms and cond
itions. This program is void where prohibited by law. This discount offer may no
t be sold or resold. Any such sale will invalidate any redemption rights hereund
er.          This offer cannot be exchanged for cash or other consideration. No 
refunds shall be provided for any unused portion of this offer. This offer has n
o cash value. Subject to applicable federal, state and local laws.          Neit
her Propco nor Visa assumes responsibility for any verbal or written representat
ion made by any third party that varies these conditions of terms of this offer.
          Discounts are not retroactive and may not be applied to previously boo
ked tickets.          Propco and its agents, and any other company or individual
 participating in the creation, distribution or redemption of this offer, act on
ly as agents for the airlines and Propco, its agents, Visa and its client financ
ial institutions will not assume any liability or responsibility for damage, exp
ense, inconvenience, loss, injury, accidental death or damage to any persons or 
property whatsoever on any aircraft or in transit to and from said aircraft, or 
for any cause whatsoever due to delays, cancellations, nature, mechanical breakd
own, strikes, war, acts of God, arising from or in conjunction with the travel b
ooked by redeeming this offer. When issued, your electronic reservation shall co
nstitute the sole contract between the airline and the passengers. For informati
on regarding airline liability limitations, baggage liability and other regulati
ons of the Warsaw Convention, as modified by the Montreal Convention, and other 
regulations, please consult your air carrier.          This benefit is managed b
y Propco. Either the airline, or in some instances Travel Services will appear a
s the merchant of record on your card statement for purchases made through Propc
o. Propco, Visa or any of its issuers or concierge providers are not responsible
 for any claims or damages arising from this benefit or related travel.         
 As a courtesy, J.P. Morgan Premier Concierge is available to assist you with ba
sic itinerary changes and cancellations prior to departure. In case of a travel 
emergency, such as airline flight cancellations and missed connections while you
 are traveling, please contact the airline directly for immediate support.      
    By booking travel through Propco, the traveler consents to be bound by all t
he terms and conditions, as stated herein.          Visa reserves the right to m
odify or cancel this offer at any time without notice.          Seller of Travel
 Registration Numbers Propp Corp (referred to as Propco above), who acts only as
 an agent for the airlines, makes the travel arrangements for you on behalf of V
isa. Our California Seller of Travel number is 2080494-40. Registration as a Sel
ler of Travel in California does not constitute approval by the State of Califor
nia. Our Florida Seller of Travel number is ST39796, our Iowa Seller of Travel n
umber is 1241 and our Washington Seller of Travel number is 603 449 394. Propp C
orp, 8750 W. Bryn Mawr Avenue, Suite 1020E, Chicago, IL 60631                Dis
closures related to tickets booked: Hazardous Materials        Federal law forbi
ds the carriage of hazardous materials aboard aircraft in your luggage or on you
r person. A violation can result in five years' imprisonment and penalties of $2
50,000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives, compres
sed gases, flammable liquids and solids, oxidizers, poisons, corrosives and radi
oactive materials. Examples: Paints, lighter fluid, fireworks, tear gases, oxyge
n bottles, and radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions for small qua
ntities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your
 luggage and certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further infor
mation contact the airline directly. Please go to http://www.dot.gov/office-poli
cy/aviation-policy/aircraft-disinsection-requirements to learn about the use of 
insecticides in certain aircraft. Websites and other information provided by gov
ernment agencies are not within Chase's control and may or may not be available 
in Spanish. Airline flights may be overbooked, and there is a slight chance that
 a seat will not be available on a flight for which you have a confirmed reserva
tion. If this occurs, the airline will make alternative arrangements for you.   
                                                                                
         Avis Terms and Conditions                                              
                          Discount applies to base rate only at participating lo
cations when booked directly through Avis by using the Visa Infinite code. These
 discounts are administered by the rental car providers directly and cannot be u
sed when booking through Ultimate Rewards nor can Ultimate Rewards points be use
d as payment when booking directly with the merchant. Discount varies by rental 
date, location and vehicle type. Taxes, other governmentally-authorized or impos
ed surcharges, license and concession recoupment fees, airport and airport facil
ity fees, fuels, additional driver fee, one-way rental charge and optional terms
 such as Loss Damage Waiver (LDW) up to $30 per day are extra. Renter must meet 
standard age, driver and credit requirements. 24-hour advance reservation requir
ed. May not be combined with other discounts. Availability is limited. Subject t
o change without notice. Blackout dates may apply.                              
                                                              National Terms and
 Conditions                                                                     
   Discount applies to base rate only at participating locations when booked dir
ectly through National Car Rental by using the Visa Infinite code. These discoun
ts are administered by the rental car providers directly and cannot be used when
 booking through Ultimate Rewards nor can Ultimate Rewards points be used as pay
ment when booking directly with the merchant. Discount varies by rental date, lo
cation and vehicle type. Taxes, other governmentally-authorized or imposed surch
arges, license and concession recoupment fees, airport and airport facility fees
, fuels, additional driver fee, one-way rental charge and optional items such as
 Loss Damage Waiver (LDW) up to $30 per day are extra. In the U.S., check your i
nsurance and/or credit card for rental vehicle coverage. Renter must meet standa
rd age, driver and credit requirements. 24-hour advance reservation required. Ma
y not be combined with other discounts. Availability is limited. Subject to chan
ge without notice. Blackout dates may apply.                                    
                                                        Silvercar Terms and Cond
itions                                                                        No
 blackout dates. Reservations must be 2 days or longer. Offer not valid with any
 other offer unless stated otherwise. Discount applies to base rental rate befor
e surcharges and taxes. These discounts are administered by the rental car provi
ders directly and cannot be used when booking through Ultimate Rewards nor can U
ltimate Rewards points be used as payment when booking directly with the rental 
car provider.                                                                   
                         Visa Terms and Conditions                              
                                          Offer subject to change, and is based 
on the individual merchant's terms and conditions. Void where prohibited or rest
ricted by law. Any taxes are the sole responsibility of the purchaser.Many of th
e stated benefits and services of this product are provided by third parties who
 are solely responsible for their provision or fulfillment.                     
                                                                       Upgrade t
o The Ritz-Carlton Club Level:                                                  
                      Club Level offer valid at participating Ritz-Carlton hotel
s on up to three qualifying paid stays per account anniversary year using The Ri
tz-Carlton Rewards Credit Card with a seven-night maximum length of stay, subjec
t to availability at time of reservation. "Account anniversary year" means the y
ear beginning with your account open date through the anniversary of your accoun
t open date, and each 12 months after that. E-Certificate is required, is non-tr
ansferable, and not combinable with other offers. Club Level Upgrade E-certifica
tes are valid for 1 room per E-certificate and up to 2 guests per room. Valid on
ly on member rates and non-discounted rates available weekdays and weekends on s
tandard and premium rooms. Not valid on special corporate negotiated rates, whol
esale rates, discounts or promotions (includes AAA), packages, group rates, eCha
nnel rates, advance purchase rates and Government rates. Reservation must be pai
d for with valid Ritz-Carlton Rewards credit card. Account must be open and not 
in default to maintain your Club Level E-certificates. Chase Bank USA, N.A. is n
ot responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or a failure to provide
 the stated benefits and services.                                              
                                              $100 Hotel Credit:                
                                                        Hotel credit available a
t participating Ritz-Carlton hotels for qualifying paid stays using The Ritz-Car
lton Rewards Credit Card, when booking this offer and requires a two-night minim
um length of stay, subject to availability. Valid only on member rates and non-d
iscounted rates available weekdays and weekends on standard and premium rooms. N
ot valid on special corporate negotiated rates, wholesale rates, discounts or pr
omotions (includes AAA), packages, group rates, eChannel rates, advance purchase
 rates and Government rates. Credit is non-transferable or combinable with other
 offers, consecutive reservations in the same hotel are not valid, and advanced 
reservations are required. Credit must be used during original reservation, no c
ash back, and may not be applied to room rate or hotel goods or services provide
d by a third party. Not valid on room rate, alcohol, taxes or gratuities. Reserv
ation must be paid for with valid Ritz-Carlton Rewards credit card. Chase Bank U
SA, N.A. is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or failure
 to provide the stated benefits and services.                                   
                                                         Automatic Gold Elite St
atus for your First Year:                                                       
                 With this bonus offer, you will automatically receive Gold Elit
e Status your first account anniversary year as a cardmember. "Account anniversa
ry year" means the year beginning with your account open date through the annive
rsary of your account open date, and each 12 months after that. You must make pu
rchases of $10,000 or more during your first account anniversary year in order t
o qualify for Gold Elite status your second account anniversary year. Each accou
nt anniversary year you make purchases totaling $10,000 or more, including durin
g your first account anniversary year, you will qualify for Gold Elite Status th
rough December 31 of the following year. Purchases are when you, or an authorize
d user, use a card to make purchases of products and services, minus returns or 
refunds. Buying products and services with your card, in most cases, will count 
as a purchase; however, the following types of transactions won't count and won'
t earn points: balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign curre
ncy, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tic
kets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, an
y checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges,
 and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Please allow up t
o 8 weeks from account open date and the end of each account anniversary year yo
u qualify for the Gold Elite Status award to be applied to your Ritz-Carlton Rew
ards account. To qualify for and maintain Gold Elite Status your account must be
 open and not in default. If you do not qualify for this bonus offer, in order t
o receive Gold Elite benefits you must qualify for Gold Elite Status under the t
erms of The Ritz-Carlton Rewards program. Only one Ritz-Carlton Rewards Credit C
ard account per Rewards member, (Rewards member must be the primary cardmember o
n that account), is eligible for the Gold Elite Status award. Chase Bank USA, N.
A. is not responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or failure to pr
ovide the Gold Elite benefits and services.                                     
                                                       Platinum Elite Status:   
                                                                     Each accoun
t anniversary year you make Net Purchases totaling $75,000 or more you will qual
ify for Platinum Elite Status through December 31 of the following year. "Accoun
t anniversary year" means the year beginning with your account open date through
 the anniversary of your account open date, and each 12 months after that. Purch
ases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of produc
ts and services, minus returns or refunds. Buying products and services with you
r card, in most cases, will count as a purchase; however, the following types of
 transactions won't count and won't earn points: balance transfers, cash advance
s, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar c
ash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers o
r similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, u
nauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee
, if applicable. Please allow up to 8 weeks after qualifying for the Platinum El
ite Status award to be applied to your Ritz-Carlton Rewards account. To qualify 
for and maintain Platinum Elite Status your account must be open and not in defa
ult. If you do not qualify for this bonus offer, in order to receive Platinum El
ite benefits you must qualify for Platinum Elite Status under the terms of The R
itz-Carlton Rewards program. Only one Ritz-Carlton Rewards Credit Card account p
er Rewards member, (Rewards member must be the primary cardmember on that accoun
t), is eligible for the Platinum Elite Status award. Chase Bank USA, N.A. is not
 responsible for offer fulfillment or the provision of or failure to provide the
 Platinum Elite benefits and services.                                          
                                                  Premier Concierge:            
                                                            Cardmembers are resp
onsible for the cost of any goods or services purchased through J.P. Morgan Prem
ier Concierge.                                                                  
                          THE RITZ-CARLTON REWARDS® PROGRAM INFORMATION         
                                                               Points accrued an
d awards issued are subject to the terms and conditions of The Ritz-Carlton Rewa
rds program. Click here for complete terms and conditions of The Ritz-Carlton Re
wards program, including all redemption values and the list of participating hot
els. Terms and conditions of The Ritz-Carlton Rewards program may be modified an
d services, benefits and participating hotels may be added or deleted at any tim
e without notice to cardmembers. Individuals whose request for a credit card are
 not approved will not be enrolled in The Ritz-Carlton Rewards program through t
his offer, although existing Ritz-Carlton Rewards memberships will not be affect
ed. Additional authorized users will not be enrolled in The Ritz-Carlton Rewards
 program as a result of this offer. The Ritz-Carlton Rewards points awarded thro
ugh the use of the authorized user's card will only be credited to the Primary C
ardmember's Ritz-Carlton Rewards account.Associates of Marriott International, I
nc. and its subsidiaries will only receive the accelerated earn of 5 points for 
each dollar spent at participating hotels from the credit card program and will 
not receive additional points under the Marriott Rewards Program for stays at pa
rticipating Marriott, the Ritz-Carlton or SPG® locations.                       
                                                                                
                                                             Accounts subject to
 credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. The Ritz-Carlton Rewards c
redit cards are issued by Chase Bank USA, N.A., a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase &
amp; Co. Offer subject to change.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                         