UDAP T&C







                                   
                                                 CITI DISCLOSURES
                                   




                                   
                                                 Interest Rates and Interest Charges
                                   





Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases



0% introductory APR for 15 months from date of account opening. 
                                                        
                                                 

                                                 
                                                        After that, your APR will be 13.49% to 23.49%, based on your creditworthiness. 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                        
                                                        These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a




APR for Balance Transfers



0% introductory APR for 15 months from date of first transfer when transfers are completed within 4 months from date of account opening.
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 After that, your APR will be 13.49% to 23.49%, based on your creditworthiness. 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a




APR for Cash Advances



25.24%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b




APR for Citi Flex Plan



13.49% to 23.49%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                 
                                                       
                                                        These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a




Penalty APR and When it Applies



Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                                                                                
                                                 
                                                 This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c

This APR may be applied to your account if you:
                                                  
                                                 
                                                 (1) Make a late payment or (2) Make a payment that is returned.

How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.




How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases



Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment Amount plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month.  If you do not pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month, you will pay interest on your purchases from the date they're posted to your account.  We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance transfers on the transaction date. We will begin charging interest on a Citi Flex Plan balance at the start of the billing cycle following the billing cycle during which you created the Citi Flex Plan.  




Minimum Interest Charge



If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than 50 cents.




For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau



To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at  
                               
                     http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
















                                   
                                                 Fees
                                          





Annual Fee



None




Transaction Fees



                                                 Balance Transfer 

                                                 Cash Advance	  

                                                 Foreign Purchase Transaction





Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
                                                 
                                                                                                                      
                                          
												
                                              Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

3% of each purchase transaction in U.S. dollars.





Penalty Fees


 
                                                        Late Payment 
 
														Returned Payment





Up to $40

Up to $40 











How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current transactions)." 

Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you make a late payment.

		   For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382 (for TTY phone services for the hearing/speech impaired: 1-800-325-2865). New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit card rates, fees and grace periods.

Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest rate balance first.



Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 3.25% Prime Rate.  





a We add 10.24% to 20.24% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer/Citi Flex Plan APR. 
              	 
              	
				



b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. 
				
				



c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. 
				
				



				Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.
				



Note: Balance Transfers and Flex Plans are made available at our discretion. 
				
				











	Citi Rewards+® Card Terms & Conditions



This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a separate account. The Card offer referenced in this communication is only available to individuals who reside in the United States and its territories. Your eligibility for a particular product and service is subject to a final determination by Citibank. This communication is not and should not be construed as, an offer to individuals outside of the United States. Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.
	




 
		By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a Citi Rewards+® Card account (the "Card Account") to you and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all information provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate.
The Card Account is governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.

    




Identity Verification

                IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any authorized user you add to your account.
            
Authorization for the Social Security Administration to Disclose Your Social Security Number Verification - You authorize the Social Security Administration (SSA) to verify and disclose to Citibank, N.A. through Experian for the purpose of this transaction whether the name, Social Security Number (SSN) and date of birth you have submitted matches information in SSA records. Your consent is for a one-time validation within the next 90 days.
Communications
You agree that we and or our service providers may contact you at any phone number provided, email address, or mailing address.  This includes communications to mobile or similar device. We may contact you by live person, auto dialer, recorded or artificial voice, text, or email for servicing, marketing information, or for decision for credit card application.

Credit Reports

		You authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, 
		for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, 
		credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and services 
		and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we requested a credit bureau report and the 
		names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information 
		about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.
               
	


Credit Information
To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness and any other of our eligibility criteria, which we determine in our sole discretion.
Your revolving credit limit will be determined based on the following:

Your annual salary and wages
Any other annual income
A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit report

We'll inform you of your revolving credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $1000. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your revolving credit limit.
 
Card Agreement

                If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. 
                The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account, 
                the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement. 
                We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.
            

Special Notices

Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all 
                creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. 
                The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
            

Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened.
Important Information About Adding An Authorized User
Before adding an authorized user to your Card Account you should know:

You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.
Authorized users have access to your Card Account information.

        Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know that we may report Card Account performance 
        to the credit reporting agencies in the authorized user's name.
    

If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law.


Balance Transfer Information

How to Make Balance Transfers



                   After receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at our discretion. All balance transfers are subject to the standard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotional rate applies.
                

                    If we give you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of your card.
                

                    You may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available revolving credit limit. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citi or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, please visit www.citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.
Continue to make payments on your other accounts until you have confirmed this balance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount of the balance transfer directly to that issuer. The available revolving credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we approve.

Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:
If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on purchases made with your credit card unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period.
If you default under your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on the balance transfer.

Additional Information

    Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for products and services offered by other companies.


Citi® ThankYou® Rewards
Summary of the Citi Rewards+® Card Terms and Conditions
With the Rewards+® Card, you can earn ThankYou Points for purchases made on your card.
Unless you are participating in a limited-time offer, you will earn:
--2 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on purchases at supermarkets and gas stations, for the first $6,000 per
        calendar year and then 1 ThankYou Point for each $1 spent thereafter.
    
Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases.Supermarkets - You won't earn 2X Points for
        purchases made at general merchandise/discount superstores, freezer/meat locker provisioners, dairy product
        stores, miscellaneous food/convenience stores, markets, drugstores, warehouse clubs, wholesale clubs, specialty
        vendors, bakeries, candy stores, nut stores, confectionery stores, and meal kit delivery services. You also
        won't earn 2X Points for purchases made at online supermarkets if the merchant does not classify itself as a
        supermarket by using the supermarket merchant code.
        Gas stations - You won't earn 2X Points for fuel purchased for commercial purposes or used for non-automobile
        purposes. You also won't earn 2X Points if the merchant does not classify itself as a gas station by using the
        gas station merchant code. Therefore, you may not earn 2X Points for purchases made at warehouse clubs,
        wholesale clubs, superstores, discount stores, department stores, and convenience stores.
-- 1 ThankYou Point for each $1 spent on other purchases including the non-qualifying purchases listed above.
Round Up For every purchase that earns ThankYou Points, your ThankYou Points
        will be rounded up to the nearest 10 points so that the total ThankYou Points awarded for any purchase is in a
        10-ThankYou-Point increment ("Round Up"). For example, if you purchase an item that costs $3.48, you'll receive
        10 ThankYou Points; and if you purchase an item that costs $9.51, you'll receive 10 ThankYou Points. Points are
        rounded after the additional points are awarded for 2X qualifying purchases. For example, if you make a $7
        purchase that earns 2X Points, you'll receive 20 ThankYou Points.
10% Points Back from Redemptions When you redeem your ThankYou Points,
        you’ll receive 10% points back for the first 100,000 ThankYou Points redeemed per calendar year. This
        means that if you redeem 10,000 ThankYou Points, you’ll receive 1,000 ThankYou Points from the 10% Points
        Back feature. You will not receive 10% Points Back on points you redeem on Points Sharing transactions.
Only Purchases Earn Points. Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access
        your Card Account, items returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, travellers
        checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery
        tickets, gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) do not earn ThankYou Points.
Merchant Classification for Rewards Categories
        Merchants are assigned a merchant category code ("MCC"), which is determined in accordance with
        Visa/Mastercard/American Express procedures based on the kinds of products and services the merchants primarily
        sell. We don't control the assignment of these codes and are not responsible for the codes used by merchants.
        When you use your card to make a purchase, we're provided an MCC for that purchase. We group similar merchant
        codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers. Sometimes you may expect a purchase to fit within a
        rewards category, but if the code assigned to the merchant wasn't grouped into that category, your purchase will
        not qualify for additional points. For example, you won't earn additional points for purchases at a restaurant
        located within a retailer if the restaurant is assigned a "retailer" code instead of a "restaurant" code. 
        Please also note — purchases made through mobile/wireless technology may not earn additional points
        depending on how the technology is set up to process the purchase. We reserve the exclusive right to determine
        which purchases qualify for additional points. Please see our Earning Points FAQs at thankyou.com/help for more
        information.
When you reach a reward or benefit cap (e.g., you spend $6,000 on purchases at supermarkets and gas stations to
        earn 2X Points on these purchases), and you return items (reducing your spending within that category), you will
        earn 1X Points for purchases even if those purchases would have otherwise qualified for 2X Points. And once you
        redeem 100,000 ThankYou Points annually with the 10% Points Back feature, you will not earn additional 10%
        Points Back ThankYou Points that year, even if subsequent returns cause a reduction in your ThankYou Points
        attributable to 10% Points Back.
You may earn ThankYou Points as long as your Card Account is open and current. If your Card Account is closed,
        you will not be able to earn and redeem ThankYou Points and you will lose any accumulated ThankYou Points that
        have not been transferred to your ThankYou Member Account (we will set up a ThankYou Member Account for you).
        You will also not earn points from Round Up or receive 10% Points Back if your account is closed.
ThankYou Rewards may be terminated with 30 days prior written notice. If ThankYou Rewards is terminated, you will
        have 90 days from ThankYou Rewards termination date to redeem all your accumulated ThankYou Points. The ThankYou
        Rewards program may be changed at any time. Rewards offered by ThankYou Rewards and the ThankYou Point levels
        required for specific rewards are subject to change without notice.
ThankYou Points earned from purchases Round Up, and ThankYou Points earned from 10% Points Back, post to your
        Card Account at the close of each billing cycle, and at that time we will transfer the ThankYou Points you
        earned to your ThankYou Member Account. (Points from Round Up and 10% Points Back are not considered Bonus
        ThankYou Points. Bonus ThankYou Points may take one to two additional billing cycles to post to your Card
        Account.) ThankYou Points are not eligible for redemption until they are transferred to your ThankYou Member
        Account.
Please see the Citi ThankYou Rewards Terms and Conditions at thankyou.com/terms, or call us at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) to
        request a complete copy of the Terms and Conditions. For speech or hearing impaired TTY: Use 711 or other relay
        service.
        The Terms and Conditions include redemption information on the Citi ThankYou Rewards Program.
Fraud, Misuse, Abuse, or Suspicious Activity. If we see evidence of fraud,
        misuse, abuse, or suspicious activity, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to take
        action against you. This may include, without limitation and without prior notice, any of all of the following:
    

Taking away your accrued Points
Stopping You from earning Points
Suspending or closing your Citi Account or ThankYou Account
Taking legal action to recover Rewards redeemed because of such activity and to recover our monetary losses, including litigation costs and damages

Some examples of fraud, misuse, abuse and suspicious activity include:

Buying or selling Points other than as permitted under the Program
Repeatedly opening Card Accounts or Citibank Checking Accounts for the primary purpose of acquiring Points
Using your Card Accounts or Citibank Checking Account in an abusive manner for the primary purpose of acquiring Points
Using your Card Account other than primarily for personal, consumer or household purposes
Points redemptions that you didn’t authorize

Please contact the ThankYou Service Center at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) immediately if you suspect your ThankYou Account is the target of fraud or suspicious activity. For speech or hearing impaired TTY: Use 711 or other relay service.
    







Close          
	


