UDAP T&C
   
 
 CITI DISCLOSURES
 
  
 
 Interest Rates and Interest Charges
 
  
 
 Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
  17.74% to 25.74%, based on your creditworthiness.  
 These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a 
 
 
 
 
 APR for Balance Transfers 17.74% to 25.74%, based on your creditworthiness, for transfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a 
 
 
 
 
 APR for Cash Advances 26.99%
 
 
 This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b 
 
 
 
 
 Penalty APR and When it Applies Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness. 
 This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c
  
 This APR may be applied to your account if you: 
 (1) Make a late payment or (2) Make a payment that is returned.
 
 
 
 How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.
 
 
 
 
 How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases  Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. 
 
 
 
  
 Minimum Interest Charge
  
 If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than 50 cents.  
 
 
 
 
 For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
 
 http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
 
  
 
 
    
 
 Fees  
 
 Annual Fee 
  
 $99. However, the annual fee is waived for the first 12 months. 
 
 
 
 
 Transaction Fees 
 
 
 
•
 
 Balance Transfer
  
 Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
 
  
 
•
 
 Cash Advance
 
 Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. 
 
 
•
 
 Foreign Purchase Transaction
  
 None
 
 
 
 
 
 Penalty Fees 
 
 
 
 • Late Payment
  Up to $35
 
 
•
 
 Returned Payment 
 Up to $35
    
 
 	
		
		 How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current transactions)."
		
		Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you make a late payment.
		
		 For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit card rates, fees and grace periods.
		
		Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest rate balance first.
		
		
		 
		
		Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 5% Prime Rate.		 
		
		
			
				
				 
	 
		a We add 12.74% to 20.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR. 
	 
	
 		
				
							
			
				
				
					b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. 
				
							
			
				
				
					c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. 
				
							
			
				
				Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.
							
				
			
 
		
		
						 
			
			
			
			
	Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World EliteTM Mastercard® Terms & Conditions
	This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a separate account.
Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.
			
		By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World EliteTM Mastercard® account (the "Card Account") to you and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all information provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate.
The Card Account is governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.
		
Identity VerificationIMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any authorized user you add to your account.	Credit Reports
	
		You authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, 
		for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, 
		credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and services 
		and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we requested a credit bureau report and the 
		names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information 
		about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.
 
	Credit Information
To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.
 
Your revolving credit limit will be determined based on the following:
Your annual salary and wages
Any other annual income
A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit reportWe'll inform you of your revolving credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $1500. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your revolving credit limit. 
Card Agreement
If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. 
The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account, 
the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement. 
We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.
Information Sharing You authorize us to report to American Airlines, AAdvantage® miles earned with us. You also authorize us to share with American Airlines information you provided to us on the application and experiential and transactional information regarding your activity with us. 
