Earn Cash Back TWICE with 1% on purchases and 1% as you pay for those purchases in full or over time
1Pricing Details
1Pricing Details







Citi® Double Cash Card




4.7Rated 4.7 out of 5 stars11347 ReviewsWrite a Review96% of respondents would recommend this to a friend{"@context":"http://schema.org/","@type":"AggregateRating","ratingValue":4.7,"reviewCount":11347,"itemReviewed":{"@type":"Product","@id":"102040-142-en_US"}}

Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 1-877-645-3708

TTY: Use Relay Service







Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 1-877-645-3708

TTY: Use Relay Service

Citi® Double Cash Card








Earn cash back on your purchases with one of Citi's best cash back credit cards. The Citi® Double Cash card lets you earn 2% cash back — 1% on purchases and an additional 1% as you pay for those purchases.
Balance transfer offer: 0% intro APR on balance transfer for 18 months; after that the variable APR will be 15.74% - 25.74% based on your creditworthiness.1
•   Balance Transfers do not earn cash back.
•   If you transfer a balance, interest will be charged on your purchases unless you pay your entire balance (including balance transfers) by the due date each month.
•   Balance Transfers must be completed within 4 months of account opening.
•   There is a balance transfer fee of either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
No Annual Fee1Rewards
Earn Cash Back TWICE
This card rewards you in two ways, so now you don't have to just spend more to earn more. First, you earn 1% unlimited cash back on every purchase you make.
Then, as you pay for those purchases – whether it's all at once or over time – you earn an additional 1% cash back on those credit card payments, as long as you pay the minimum due.
No caps and no Category restrictions

Unlike many other cash back credit cards, Citi Double Cash has no restricting categories to keep track of or enroll in.2 There are also no caps on the total amount of cash back you earn.Rewards Program Details
What Earns Cash Back

You earn 1% unlimited cash back on all your purchases and an additional 1% on payments based on those purchases. You do not earn cash back on balance transfers, cash advances, account fees, interest, or returned items.
Redeem

You can redeem cash back for checks or statement credits.Benefits You Deserve
Citi® Private Pass®

Citi customers enjoy special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events annually, including presale tickets and VIP packages to concerts, sporting events, dining experiences, plus complimentary movie screenings and more, at citiprivatepass.com
Credit card late fee pass

You've got a lot going on. We understand. That's why you get a pass on your first late fee. Just a little something that adds up to more peace of mind.Credit Card Protection
24 Hour fraud protection

will alert you if we see unusual activity on your account.
Citi® Identity Theft Solutions

is there to assist you should you become a victim of identity theft.
The Lost Wallet® Service

Sometimes things happen that are out of your control, but that doesn't mean you should be inconvenienced. If you've lost your card, we'll replace it, usually within 24 hours. In addition, we'll provide you with emergency cash subject to your available cash advance limit. Visit
citi.com/cardbenefits
to learn more
Travel Protection
EMV Chip Technology

Enjoy global acceptance and enhanced security when you use your credit card at merchants that use chip enabled terminals to accept your payment.
Purchase Protection
$0 liability for unauthorized charges

You're completely protected against unauthorized credit card charges on your account. At Citi, you will not be responsible for a charge that you did not authorize, online or otherwise.Convenience
Citi® Concierge

Citi® Concierge helps you save valuable time with a staff of specially-trained experts who are ready to assist you with your travel, shopping, dining, entertainment and everyday needs.
Save time when you call

Just say "representative" when you call, to enjoy fast, personal help, 24 hours a day.
Citi® Cards with Apple Pay®

is another way Citi provides quick and easy payments. With a simple touch you can pay in-app or at over 200,000 stores with the iPhone®6, or in-app with the iPad Air® 2 and iPad miniTM 3. Plus, you'll still enjoy all of the benefits that come with your Citi card when you use Apple Pay to check out. Learn more at Citi.com/ApplePay

Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Pay, iPhone and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.CITI® DOUBLE CASH CARD PRICING DETAILS
Introductory rate of 0% for 18 months from date of first transfer for balance transfers. Balance Transfers must be completed within 4 months of account opening. After the introductory period ends, the standard variable APR for purchases will be applied to unpaid introductory balances and new balance transfers.
The standard variable APR for purchases is 15.74% to 25.74%, based on your creditworthiness. Standard variable cash advance APR - 27.49%. Variable Penalty APR up to 29.99% and applies if you pay late or your payment is returned. Minimum interest charge – $0.50. Fee for foreign purchases – 3% of the U.S. dollar amount of each purchase. Cash advance fee – either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee – either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. New cardmembers only. Subject to credit approval. Additional limitations, terms and conditions apply. You will be given further information when you apply.
Purchases do not include items returned for credit, balance transfers, cash advances, interest and account fees.
Certain terms and conditions apply. Coverage details will be provided upon card membership or you can visit
www.cardbenefits.citi.com.
1Pricing & Information 2Additional InformationWhat others are saying about this card:
Please note that the terms and benefits of this product may change over time.
Displaying Reviews
Sort by:
Most Recent
Lowest Rated
Highest Rated
Oldest
4
Pleased
Submitted 2 days ago
By August Second
Good web site. Cash back.
5
Overall Rating is GREAT
Submitted 6 days ago
By Eden Groundskeeper
This has been a First Class Experience.
5
money back before and after
Submitted 8 days ago
By dave
I like the idea of double service and getting rewarded twice.
5
Satisfied Client
Submitted 8 days ago
By Shiloe
I have been a cardholder for many years. I have always been pleased with the service that I receive.
5
great review
Submitted 8 days ago
By katt
always great service and nice people
5
CitiCard Review
Submitted 8 days ago
By Patrick, Mr.Meticulous
To what use am I going to use the monies at that particular time, eg, gift, lessening statement balance, etc.
5
best card ever
Submitted 9 days ago
By laura
we enjoy using a card now, more than cash
5
Great Service and Happy We transitioned from another card
Submitted 9 days ago
By NA
While we have used online payment only once, it was quick, easy, and convenient. Customer Service has been helpful when we have needed to contact your team. They were knowledgeable and assisted us when we planned to do some traveling.
5
my Citi card
Submitted 9 days ago
By carol
love the rewards and the frequently low interest offers
5
Favorite Credit Card
Submitted 9 days ago
By Papa Bear
We have had this credit card account for the longest out of all our credit card accounts. Knowing we can always get great customer service is a plus. How sweet it is that we now can take advantage of the cash back program! 😊
Displaying Reviews 1-10
Back to Top
Next »
Citi does not guarantee the accuracy of these reviews. Benefits, fees, terms, and offers mentioned in reviews may change over time.Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-877-645-3708
TTY: Use Relay Service
Not sure if this card is right for you?
View All Citi Credit Cards >