Earn 2% cash back on every purchase  — 1% cash back when you buy plus 1% as you pay
Earn Cash Back TWICE Earn 2% cash back on every purchase with unlimited 1% cash back when you buy, plus an additional 1% as you pay for those purchases.To earn cash back, pay at least the minimum due on time.Plus there are no categories to track, no caps on cash back and no annual fee.*
*Pricing Details
Citi® Double Cash Card
4.7Rated 4.71 out of 5 stars13059 ReviewsWrite a Review96% of respondents would recommend this to a friend
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-877-645-3708
TTY: Use Relay Service
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-877-645-3708
TTY: Use Relay Service
Citi® Double Cash Card
        Earn cash back rewards on every purchase with the Citi® Double Cash card. You get unlimited 1% cash back when you buy, plus another 1% back as you pay for those purchases. Make your money go further with one of Citi's best cash back credit cards.
        
Balance transfer offer: 0% intro APR on balance transfer for 18 months; after that the variable APR will be 15.49% - 25.49% based  on your creditworthiness.*
•   Balance Transfers do not earn cash back.•   If you transfer a balance, interest will be charged on your purchases unless you pay your entire balance (including balance transfers) by the due date each month.•   Balance Transfers must be completed within 4 months of account opening.•   There is a balance transfer fee of either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.*
No Annual Fee*
Rewards
Earn Cash Back TWICE
This card rewards you in two ways, so now you don't have to just spend more to earn more. First, you earn 1% unlimited cash back on every purchase you make.
Then, as you pay for those purchases – whether it's all at once or over time – you earn an additional 1% cash back on those credit card payments.
To earn cash back, pay at least the minimum due on time.
No Caps and No Category Restrictions
                                Unlike many other cash back credit cards, Citi Double Cash has no restricting categories to keep track of or enroll in.2
                                There are also no caps on the total amount of cash back you earn.
                                
Cash Back Program Details
What Earns Cash Back
                           When you make a purchase, you earn 1% unlimited cash back. Then, you earn an additional 1% cash back as you make payments for that purchase, whether you pay in full or over time. To earn cash back, pay at least the minimum due on time. You earn cash back on all your purchases and on payments based on your purchases. You do not earn cash back based on balance transfer, cash advances, account fees, interest or returned items.
Redeem
                            Choose to receive your cash back as a statement credit, direct deposit, or check; or convert to points.
Other Citi® Benefits
Citi EntertainmentSM
Citi Entertainment takes the once out of once in a lifetime. Use your Citi credit card or Citibank Debit Card to get special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events annually, including presale tickets and exclusive experiences for the year's most anticipated concerts, sporting events, dining experiences and more.
Credit Card Protection
24 Hour Fraud Protection will alert you if we see unusual activity on your account.
Citi® Identity Theft Solutions
Identity theft can happen to anyone. If it happens to you, Citi® Identity Theft Solutions can help you resolve the matter and get your life back on track. 
The Lost Wallet® ServiceSometimes things happen that are out of your control, but that doesn't mean you should be inconvenienced. If you've lost your card, we'll replace it, usually within 24 hours. In addition, we'll provide you with emergency cash subject to your available cash advance limit. Visit citi.com/cardbenefits to learn more
Purchase Protection
$0 Liability for Unauthorized ChargesYou're completely protected against unauthorized charges on your account. At Citi, you will not be responsible for a charge that you did not authorize, online or otherwise.
                            
Convenience
24/7 Customer Service
Our customer service representatives are available to assist you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
                        
Tap Your Card With Contactless Pay
Shop safely with a contactless-chip enabled card. Just tap your card on the payment reader and go in seconds.
                        
Digital Wallets
Digital Wallets let you shop with confidence in millions of places online, within apps and in stores. With digital wallets you can speed through checkout and continue to enjoy all the great benefits that come with your card. Learn how to get started and how digital wallets can help protect your card information at citi.com/digitalservices.
*CITI® DOUBLE CASH CARD PRICING DETAILS
Introductory rate of 0% for 18 months from date of first transfer for balance transfers. Balance Transfers must be completed within 4 months of account opening. After the introductory period ends, the standard variable APR for purchases will be applied to unpaid introductory balances and new balance transfers.  The standard variable APR for purchases is 15.49% to 25.49%, based on your creditworthiness. The standard variable APR for Citi Flex Plan is 15.49% to 25.49%, based on your creditworthiness. Standard variable cash advance APR - 26.74%. Variable Penalty APR up to 29.99% and applies if you pay late or your payment is returned. Minimum interest charge – $0.50. Fee for foreign purchases – 3% of the U.S. dollar amount of each purchase. Cash advance fee – either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee – either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. New cardmembers only. Subject to credit approval. Additional limitations, terms and conditions apply. You will be given further information when you apply.
Purchases do not include items returned for credit, balance transfers, cash advances, interest and account fees.
                    
Certain terms and conditions apply. 
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
What others are saying about this card:Please note that the terms and benefits of this product may change over time.
Citi does not guarantee the accuracy of these reviews. Benefits, fees, terms, and offers mentioned in reviews may change over time.
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-877-645-3708
TTY: Use Relay Service
CITI® DOUBLE CASH CARD F A Q s
Expand all sections
Does the Citi® Double Cash Card have a foreign transaction fee?
Yes, the Citi® Double Cash Card does carry a foreign transaction fee, which is 3% of the U.S. dollar amount of each purchase made in a foreign currency. 1
What kind of card is Citi® Double Cash?
The Citi® Double Cash Card is a Mastercard credit card that provides Cardmembers with cash back rewards. Cardmembers earn 2% cash back by earning 1% cash back on purchases, plus an additional 1% cash back as they pay for those purchases. To earn cash back, pay at least the minimum payment on time. And, with no annual fee 1, the Citi® Double Cash Card offers another great reason for Cardmembers to use it for their everyday purchases.
Do Citi® Double Cash rewards expire?
Cardmembers' Double Cash rewards only expire when Cardmembers have not earned any cash back from purchases or payments for those purchases within a 12-month period. In the event that the account is closed or converted, the Cardmember will no longer earn cash rewards and the accumulated cash rewards will be forfeited. Additionally, you will no longer be able to reinstate purchases if your Card Account is closed or converted. Cardmembers are advised to redeem any eligible cash rewards prior to account closure. 
How do you redeem Citi® Double Cash rewards?
You can choose to redeem your Citi® Double Cash Card cash rewards as follows:Request a check for at least $25 up to the total cash rewards balance at the time you redeem;Redeem for a statement credit to your Card Account for at least $25 up to the total cash rewards balance at the time you redeem;Redeem for a credit to your linked Citi savings or checking account or to a checking account from which you have paid a Citi Credit Card bill at least two timesConvert your cash rewards to ThankYou Points
What is the APR for Citi® Double Cash Card?
The standard variable APR for purchases on the Citi® Double Cash Card is dependent on the Cardholder's creditworthiness.To learn more, visit Citi.com/DoubleCash.To check your credit score, visit one of the 3 credit bureaus;  Experian, Equifax, TransUnion, or you can receive one free credit report per year from AnnualCreditReport.com.Or call 1-855-473-4583 for assistance.
Read more Citi® Double Cash Card F A Q s
1Pricing & Information
