*PricingThe standard variable APR for purchases is 17.74% to 25.74% based on your creditworthiness. Balance transfers are also subject to the standard purchase APR. The standard variable APR for cash advances is 27.24%. The variable Penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. The annual fee for this card is $450. Minimum interest charge — $0.50. Fee for Foreign Purchases — None. Cash advance fee — either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee — either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. ↩Card offerAmerican Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles are not available if you have had any Citi® / AAdvantage® card (other than an AAdvantage MileUp℠  or CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® card) opened or closed in the past 24 months.Bonus milesBalance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) are not purchases. American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles typically will appear as a bonus in your AAdvantage® account 8-10 weeks after you have met the purchase requirements. Miles may be earned on purchases made by primary credit cardmembers and authorized users. Miles earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account.First checked bag freeFor benefit to apply, the Citi® / AAdvantage® account must be open 7 days prior to air travel, and reservation must include the primary credit cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel. If your credit card account is closed for any reason, these benefits will be cancelled.Eligible Citi® / AAdvantage® primary credit cardmembers may check one bag free of charge when traveling on domestic itineraries marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on domestic itineraries marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airline Corp., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Trans States Airlines, LLC. All flights on the itinerary must be domestic flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by American Airlines or American Eagle. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. For the Citi® / AAdvantage® card, up to eight (8) companions traveling with the eligible primary credit cardmember will also get their first checked bag free of charge if they are listed in the same reservation. Waiver does not apply to overweight or oversized bags. This benefit cannot be combined with any existing AAdvantage® elite program benefits, or with First or Business class benefits, including any waiver of baggage charges. Please see aa.com/baggage » for baggage weight and size restrictions. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.Double miles on American Airlines purchasesEligible American Airlines purchases are items billed by American Airlines as merchant of record booked through American Airlines channels (AA.com, American Airlines reservations, and American Airlines airport and city ticket counters). Products or services that do not qualify are car rentals and hotel reservations (except taxes and charges paid when redeeming miles for car/hotel), purchase of elite status boost or renewal, and AA Cargo℠  products and services. Miles earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.1 mile per $1AAdvantage® miles are earned on purchases, except balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions). Miles may be earned on purchases made by primary credit cardmembers and authorized users. Miles earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.Enhanced airport experienceFor benefits to apply, the Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard® account must be open 7 days prior to air travel AND reservation must include the primary credit cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel. If your credit card account is closed for any reason, these benefits will be cancelled. Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive credit cardmembers will have the following benefits: priority check-in (where available), priority airport screening (where available), and priority boarding privileges. The priority boarding benefit will display on your American Airlines boarding pass as Group 4.These benefits apply when traveling on flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airline Corp., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Trans States Airlines, LLC. Up to eight (8) companions traveling with the eligible primary credit cardmember will also get priority check-in (where available), priority airport screening (where available), and priority boarding privileges if they are listed in the same reservation. You may check in at any Business Class check-in position or First Class check-in when Business Class is not available, regardless of the class of service in which you are traveling on American Airlines.These benefits will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Exclusive lanes at security checkpoints are available, subject to TSA approval. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.25% savings on eligible inflight purchasesCiti® / AAdvantage® credit cardmembers will receive a 25% savings on inflight purchases of food and beverages on flights operated by American Airlines when purchased with their Citi® / AAdvantage® credit card. Savings do not apply to any other inflight purchases, such as wireless internet access. This benefit applies to domestic flights marketed and operated by American Airlines or on domestic flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC. This benefit is not available on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Offer is available on eligible flights as long as supplies last. Savings will appear as a statement credit 8-10 weeks after the transaction is posted to the credit cardmember's card account. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.Admirals Club® membership and credit card authorized user accessOnly Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard® primary credit cardmembers who are eighteen (18) years of age or older will receive full membership access privileges to Admirals Club® lounges. An authorized user of the Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard® who is eighteen (18) years of age or older will receive access privileges to American Airlines Admirals Club® lounges. Full Admirals Club® membership privileges do not apply to a credit card authorized user. An Admirals Club® membership includes access to other airline lounges and clubs with which American Airlines may have reciprocal lounge or club access privileges. Membership also includes special pricing on conference rooms and other special offers that are available exclusively to Admirals Club® members. Neither membership nor the credit card authorized user access benefit provides access privileges to the Arrivals Lounge, International First Class Lounges, or Flagship® Lounge facilities, including Flagship® First Dining. Additionally, the credit card authorized user access benefit does not provide: (i) access privileges to other airline lounges or clubs with which American Airlines may have reciprocal lounge or club access privileges; or (ii) special pricing on conference rooms or other special offers. To locate a current list of Admirals Club® lounges please visit aa.com/admiralsclub ».To access an Admirals Club® lounge, the primary credit cardmember must present: (i) his or her (a) AAdvantage® number or (b) active and valid Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard®; (ii) his or her current government-issued I.D.; and (iii) any additional required documentation. To access an Admirals Club® lounge, a credit card authorized user must present: (i) his or her active and valid Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard®; (ii) his or her current government-issued I.D.; and (iii) any additional required documentation. Either immediate family members (spouse or domestic partner and children under eighteen (18) years of age) or up to two (2) guests traveling with the primary credit cardmember or authorized user may be admitted for free when accompanied by the primary credit cardmember or authorized user. All persons must be of valid drinking age, based on applicable law, to consume alcohol.If the primary credit cardmember is an Admirals Club® member on the date his or her Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard® credit card account is approved by Citi® and has sixty (60) or more days remaining on such current Admirals Club® membership, he or she is eligible to receive a prorated refund from American Airlines for any unused portion of his or her current Admirals Club® membership fee. The refund will be a prorated amount of the annual membership fee calculated based on the number of days remaining on such primary credit cardmember’s current Admirals Club® membership as of the date his or her Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard® credit card account is approved by Citi®. Refunds will be automatically made in the original form of payment within twelve (12) weeks of becoming a Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard® credit cardmember. Lifetime Admirals Club® members and AirPass members with Admirals Club® privileges are not eligible for a refund.Upon closure of the Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard® account, all Admirals Club® benefits and access associated with the account will be immediately terminated, including, but not limited to, all benefits afforded to credit card authorized users. All Admirals Club® membership rules, terms and conditions apply. AMERICAN AIRLINES RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY ANY OR ALL RULES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. SUCH MODIFICATIONS SHALL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY AND INCORPORATED INTO THIS AGREEMENT. BY ACCESSING ANY ADMIRALS CLUB® LOUNGE YOU SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACCEPTED THE ADMIRALS CLUB® TERMS AND CONDITIONS. To review the complete Admirals Club® membership terms and conditions, visit aa.com/admiralsclub ».Elite Qualifying Miles ("EQMs")The primary credit cardmember will earn 10,000 EQMs after spending $40,000 in eligible purchases that post to the credit cardmember’s account during a calendar year, January 1st to December 31st. A primary credit cardmember may earn the 10,000 EQMs only once each year, even if the credit cardmember has more than one Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive account. EQMs earned are in addition to the AAdvantage® miles earned for purchases made on the credit card.Purchases exclude returned goods and services, cash advances, convenience checks, transferred balances, credits, fees and interest charges. Purchases made through additional credit cards on the primary credit cardmember’s account (authorized users) will count toward the primary credit cardmember’s qualifying spend.EQMs earned as a result of this offer will be typically posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account 8-10 weeks after meeting the $40,000 spend requirement. EQMs only count toward elite status qualification for the AAdvantage® program. EQMs earned through this offer will not count toward AAdvantage Million Miler℠  status. EQMs cannot be redeemed for award travel, AAdvantage® miles or any other AAdvantage® program awards.AAdvantage® program elite status requirements and balance are available at aa.com/elitebenefits ».Global Entry or TSA Pre ✓® application fee creditCiti®/ AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard® credit cardmembers are eligible to receive one (1) statement credit per account, every five (5) years up to $100, for either the Global Entry or the TSA Pre ✓® application fee. Credit Cardmember must charge the application fee of at least $85 to their Citi®/AAdvantage® Executive credit card to be eligible for the statement credit. Credit cardmembers will receive a statement credit for the first program (either Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®) to which they apply and pay for with their eligible card, regardless of whether they are approved for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®.The one (1) statement credit every five (5) years for the application fee charged to the Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive credit card account is applied by Citi directly to the credit card account. Please allow 8-10 weeks after the qualifying Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® fee is charged to the eligible account for the statement credit to be posted to the account.TSA Pre✓® is a registered trademark of the Department of Homeland Security.Authorized userBefore adding an authorized user to your credit card account you should know:You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the credit card account by the authorized user. Authorized users have access to your credit card account information. Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know that we may report credit card account performance to the credit reporting agencies in the authorized user's name. If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law. Authorized users do not receive the first checked bag free or boarding benefits.American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® program and its terms and conditions at any time without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® program with six months’ notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use the awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless specified, AAdvantage® miles earned through this promotion/offer do not count toward elite-status qualification or AAdvantage Million Miler℠ status. American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. For complete details about the AAdvantage® program, visit aa.com/aadvantage ».Travel booked on American Airlines may be American Eagle® service, operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC.American Airlines, American Eagle, AAdvantage, AAdvantage Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, Flagship, Admirals Club, Platinum Pro, AAdvantage MileUp, AA Cargo, the Flight Symbol logo and the Tail Design are marks of American Airlines, Inc.oneworld is a mark of the oneworld Alliance, LLC.Citibank is not responsible for products or services offered by other companies. Cardmember program terms are subject to change.Mastercard and the Mastercard Brand Mark are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.World Elite is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.© 2018 Citibank, N.A. Citi, Citi and Arc Design and other marks used herein are service marks of Citigroup Inc. or its affiliates, used and registered throughout the world.