OUR NEWEST CARD
        
            
                
                    
                        The Citi Rewards+ Card is the only credit card that automatically rounds up to the nearest 10 points on every purchase  with no cap, including trips to your local cafe. All with No Annual Fee*
                    
                    
                        
                            
                                New Card Offer!
                                
                                    
                                        
                                            Earn 15,000 bonus points After you spend $1,000 in purchases with your card within the first 3 months of account opening. Plus, take advantage of our low introductory APR for 12 months1
                                            *Pricing Details
                                            *Pricing Details
                                        
                                    
                                    
                                        
                                        Bonus ThankYou Points are not available if you received a new cardmember bonus for Citi Rewards+, Citi ThankYou Preferred, Citi ThankYou PremierCiti Premier or Citi Prestige, or if you have closed any of these cards, in the past 24 months.
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    Citi Rewards+ Card
                                    
                                        
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                        Apply Now
                                    
                                    Apply by Phone: 1-800-514-6236
                                    
                                    TTY: Use Relay Service
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    
                                        Apply Now
                                    
                                    Apply by Phone: 1-800-514-6236
                                    
                                    TTY: Use Relay Service
                                    
                                    Citi Rewards+ Card
                                    
                                        
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                        Bonus ThankYou Points are not available if you received a new cardmember bonus for Citi Rewards+, Citi ThankYou Preferred, Citi ThankYou PremierCiti Premier or Citi Prestige, or if you have closed any of these cards, in the past 24 months.
                                    
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                    
                
            
        
    
    
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            Turn Everyday Purchases into Something Bigger
                            With the new Citi Rewards+ Card, you can make the most of your everyday purchases by earning double ThankYou Points at the supermarket and gas stations, for the first $6,000 per year and then 1 point on all other purchases. You can redeem for things like gift cards, pay for concert tickets or simply pay for part of your vacation with Select and Credit. One of Citi's best rewards credit cards, the Citi Rewards+ Card gives you all this with a low introductory APR and no annual fee.*
                            
            2X at Supermarkets & Gas Stations for the first $6,000 per year and 1 point per $1 spent thereafter2
            1X on All Other Purchases2
            Round Up to the nearest 10 points on every purchase — with no cap2
            10% Points Back for the first 100,000 ThankYou Points you redeem per year2
            Shop with Points at Amazon.com or BestBuy.com or redeem for other great rewards2
        
                        
                        
                        Purchase Rate:
0% introductory APR for 12 months from date of account opening; after that your standard APR for purchases will be 15.74% - 25.74% based on your creditworthiness*
Balance Transfer Rate:
0% introductory APR for 12 months from date of first transfer; after that your variable APR will be 15.74% - 25.74% based on your creditworthiness. Balance transfers must be completed within 4 months of account opening.*
Balance Transfer Fee: Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater, for each transfer*
Annual Fee No Annual Fee*                           
                           
                                
                           
                        
                    
                
            
        
                
            
                
                    
                        
                            Rewards
                        
                    
                    
                        
                            
                                
                                    2X Supermarkets& Gas Stations
                                    
                                        Earn 2 ThankYou Points per $1 spent at supermarkets and gas stations for the first $6,000 per year and 1 point per $1 spent thereafter.2
                                    
                                    
                                
                                
                                      1XAll Other  Purchases
                                    
                                        Earn 1 ThankYou Point per $1 spent on all other purchases.2
                                    
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                    
                
                
                
                    
                        
                            
                                
                                    Round Up to the     Nearest 10 Points2
                                    
                                        Round Up to the nearest 10 points on every purchase — with no cap. So your $2 coffee earns 10 points. And a $22 dinner for two earns 30 points.2
                                    
                                    
                                
                                
                                    Points Back
                                    
                                       Get 10% Points Back for the first 100,000 ThankYou Points you redeem per year. That means if you redeem 15,000 points, you get 1,500 back. It’s that simple.2
                                    
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                    
                
            
                
            
                
                    
                        
                            
                                Redeeming ThankYou Points
                                
                                    
                                        Gift Cards Treat yourself to just about anything. Choose from a large selection of gift cards including department and home stores as well as restaurants.
                                    
                                    Shop with Points Use ThankYou Points to shop online at Amazon.com or BestBuy.com.
                                    Select & Credit Use your points to cover a variety of eligible purchases in select categories with statement credits.
                                
                                
                                    Travel RewardsRedeem for flights, hotels, cruises, and more.
                                    Points Back Get 10% Points Back on all of your redemptions for the first 100,000 ThankYou Points you redeem per year!
                                
                            
                        
                    
                
            
                
            
                
                    
                        
                            
                        Other Citi Benefits
                        
                            Citi Private Pass Enjoy special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events annually, including presale tickets and VIP packages to concerts, sporting events, dining experiences, plus complimentary movie screenings and more, at citiprivatepass.com.
                        
                    
                        
                    
                
            
                
            
                
                    
                        
                            Travel Protection
                            
                                EMV Chip TechnologyEnjoy global acceptance and enhanced security when you use your credit card at merchants that use chip enabled terminals to accept your payment.
                            
                        
                    
                
            
                
            
                
                    
                        
                            
                                
                                    Convenience
                                    Convenience
                                
                                
                                    
                                        24/7 Customer Service
Questions about your Citi® card account? Just call the number on the back of your credit card. Just say 'representative' to access fast, live help from a friendly Customer Service representative 
ready to help with virtually every aspect of your cardmembership (including technical assistance) ––24 hours a day, 365 days a year. -->
                                        247 Customer Service
                                            Questions about your Citi card account? Just call the number on the back of your credit card. Just say 'representative' to access fast, live help from a friendly Customer Service representative ready to help with virtually every aspect of your cardmembership (including technical assistance) - 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
                                        
                                        Citi Concierge
                                            Citi Concierge helps you save valuable time with a staff of specially-trained experts who are ready to assist you with your travel, shopping, dining, entertainment and everyday needs.
                                        
                                    
                                    
                                        Automatic Account Alerts
Alerts keep you informed and stress-free. Once you've set up alerts, we'll remind you about your balance levels, payments due, or when you go over your credit limit, by email or directly on your mobile phone. -->
                                    
                                
                                
                                    
                                        Choose your Payment Due Date
Choose to pay your bill on any available due date in the beginning, middle or end of the month. Enjoy the flexibility of paying your full balance or just the minimum payment due each month.
                                     -->
                                    
                                    Digital Wallets
                                        Digital wallets are a fast and easy way to pay online and on the go. Simply add your Citi card to a digital wallet of your choice and start speeding through checkout. Plus you’ll enjoy all the great benefits that come with your card. Learn more how digital wallets can help protect your card information.
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    CITI REWARDS+ CARD PRICING DETAILS                                    *Introductory rate of 0%  --> for 12 months from the date of account opening on purchases and an introductory rate of 0% for 12 months from date of first transfer for balance transfers. After the introductory period ends, your standard APR for purchases will be applied to unpaid promotional balances, new purchases and new balance transfers. The standard variable APR for purchases for the Citi Rewards+ Card is 15.74%  25.74% based on your creditworthiness. The standard variable APR for cash advances is  -->27.49%. The variable penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. Minimum interest charge — $0.50. Fee for foreign purchases — 3% of each purchase transaction in US dollars. Cash advance fee — either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee — either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. New cardmembers only. Subject to credit approval. Additional limitations, terms and conditions apply. You will be given further information when you apply.
                                                                Certain terms and conditions apply.
                                    
                                    
                                
                                
                                    
                                        1Pricing & Information
                                        2Additional Information
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                        
                    
                
            
                
            
                
                    
                        
                            CITI REWARDS+ CARD PRICING DETAILS
                            
                            *Introductory rate of 0%  --> for 12 months from the date of account opening on purchases and an introductory rate of 0% for 12 months from date of first transfer for balance transfers. After the introductory period ends, your standard APR for purchases will be applied to unpaid promotional balances, new purchases and new balance transfers. The standard variable APR for purchases for the Citi Rewards+ Card is 15.74%  25.74% based on your creditworthiness. The standard variable APR for cash advances is 27.49 -->%. The variable penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. Minimum interest charge — $0.50. Fee for foreign purchases — 3% of each purchase transaction in US dollars. Cash advance fee — either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee — either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. New cardmembers only. Subject to credit approval. Additional limitations, terms and conditions apply. You will be given further information when you apply.                            Certain terms and conditions apply.
                            
                                
                                    1Pricing & Information
                                    2Additional Information
                                
                        
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
                
                    
                                                
                        
                        What others are saying about this card:Please note that the terms and benefits of this product may change over time.
                            
                             -->
                            Citi does not guarantee the accuracy of these reviews. Benefits, fees, terms, and offers mentioned in reviews may change over time.
                        
                    
                
            
        
        
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            
                                
                                    Apply Now
                                
                                Apply by Phone: 1-800-514-6236
                                
                                TTY: Use Relay Service