UDAP T&C







                                   
                                                 CITI DISCLOSURES
                                   




                                   
                                                 Interest Rates and Interest Charges
                                   





Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases



15.99% to 23.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                        
                                                 

                                                 
                                                 
                                                        
                                                        
                                                        
                                                        These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a




APR for Balance Transfers



15.99% to 23.99%, based on your creditworthiness, for transfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a




APR for Cash Advances



25.24%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b




APR for Citi Flex Plan



15.99% to 23.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                 
                                                       
                                                        These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a




Penalty APR and When it Applies



Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                                                                                
                                                 
                                                 This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c

This APR may be applied to your account if you:
                                                  
                                                 
                                                 (1) Make a late payment or (2) Make a payment that is returned.

How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.




How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases



Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment Amount plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month.  If you do not pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month, you will pay interest on your purchases from the date they're posted to your account.  We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance transfers on the transaction date. We will begin charging interest on a Citi Flex Plan balance at the start of the billing cycle following the billing cycle during which you created the Citi Flex Plan.  




Minimum Interest Charge



If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than 50 cents.




For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau



To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at  
                               
                     http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
















                                   
                                                 Fees
                                          





Annual Fee



$95




Transaction Fees



                                                 Balance Transfer 

                                                 Cash Advance	  

                                                 Foreign Purchase Transaction





Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
                                                 
                                                                                                                      
                                          
												
                                              Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

None





Penalty Fees


 
                                                        Late Payment 
 
														Returned Payment





Up to $40

Up to $40 











How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current transactions)."

Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you make a late payment.

		   For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382 (for TTY phone services for the hearing/speech impaired: 1-800-325-2865). New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit card rates, fees and grace periods.

Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest rate balance first.



Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 3.25% Prime Rate.  





a We add 12.74% to 20.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer/Citi Flex Plan APR. 
              	 
              	
				



b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. 
				
				



c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. 
				
				



				Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.
				



Note: Balance Transfers and Flex Plans are made available at our discretion. 
				
				











	Citi Premier® Card Terms & Conditions



This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a separate account. The Card offer referenced in this communication is only available to individuals who reside in the United States and its territories. Your eligibility for a particular product and service is subject to a final determination by Citibank. This communication is not and should not be construed as, an offer to individuals outside of the United States. Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.
	




 
		By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a Citi Premier® Card account (the "Card Account") to you and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all information provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate.
The Card Account is governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.

    




Identity Verification

                IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any authorized user you add to your account.
            

Credit Reports

		You authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, 
		for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, 
		credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and services 
		and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we requested a credit bureau report and the 
		names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information 
		about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.
               
	


Credit Information
To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.
Your revolving credit limit will be determined based on the following:

Your annual salary and wages
Any other annual income
A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit report

We'll inform you of your revolving credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $2000. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your revolving credit limit.
 
Card Agreement

                If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. 
                The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account, 
                the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement. 
                We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.
            

Special Notices

Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all 
                creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. 
                The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
            

Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened.
Important Information About Adding An Authorized User
Before adding an authorized user to your Card Account you should know:

You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.
Authorized users have access to your Card Account information.

        Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know that we may report Card Account performance 
        to the credit reporting agencies in the authorized user's name.
    

If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law.


Balance Transfer Information

How to Make Balance Transfers



                   After receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at our discretion. All balance transfers are subject to the standard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotional rate applies.
                

                    If we give you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of your card.
                

                    You may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available revolving credit limit. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citi or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, please visit www.citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.
Continue to make payments on your other accounts until you have confirmed this balance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount of the balance transfer directly to that issuer. The available revolving credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we approve.

Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:
If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on purchases made with your credit card unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period.
If you default under your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on the balance transfer.

Additional Information

    Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for products and services offered by other companies.


Citi® ThankYou® Rewards
Summary of the Citi Premier® Card Terms and Conditions
With the Citi Premier® Card, you can earn ThankYou Points for purchases made on your card.
Unless you are participating in a limited-time offer, you will earn:

3 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent at restaurants1
3 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent at supermarkets2
3 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent at gas stations3
3 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on air travel and hotels4
1 ThankYou Point for each $1 spent on all other purchases5

Cardmembers will also be eligible to receive the $100 Annual Hotel Savings Benefit6
1 Restaurants: Additional ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on purchases at restaurants (including cafes, bars, lounges and fast food restaurants).
Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases. You won't earn additional points for purchases made at bakeries, caterers, and restaurants located inside other establishments (such as hotels, department stores, grocery stores, discount and convenience stores or warehouse clubs).
2 Supermarkets: Additional ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on purchases at supermarkets.
Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases. You won't earn additional points for purchases made at general merchandise/discount superstores, freezer/meat locker provisioners, dairy product stores, miscellaneous food/convenience stores, markets, drugstores, warehouse clubs, wholesale clubs, specialty vendors, bakeries, candy stores, nut stores, confectionery stores, and meal kit delivery services. You also won't earn additional points for purchases made at online supermarkets if the merchant does not classify itself as a supermarket by using the supermarket merchant code.
3 Gas Stations: Additional ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on purchases at gas stations.

Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases. You won't earn additional points for gas purchases at warehouse clubs, discount stores, department stores, convenience stores or other merchants that are not classified as gas stations using the gas station merchant code.
4 Air Travel and Hotels: Additional ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on purchases at airlines, hotels, and travel agencies.
5 All Other Purchases: One ThankYou Point for each $1 spent on other purchases including the non-qualifying purchases listed above.
Only Purchases Earn Points. Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your card account, items returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, travelers checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) do not earn ThankYou Points.
Merchant Classification for Rewards Categories. Merchants are assigned a merchant category code (“MCC”), which is determined in accordance with Visa/Mastercard/American Express procedures based on the kinds of products and services the merchants primarily sell. We don’t control the assignment of these codes and are not responsible for the codes used by merchants. When you use your card to make a purchase, we're provided an MCC for that purchase. We group similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers. Sometimes you may expect a purchase to fit within a rewards category, but if the code assigned to the merchant wasn’t grouped into that category, your purchase will not qualify for additional points. For example, you won't earn additional points for purchases at a restaurant located within a retailer if the restaurant is assigned a “retailer” code instead of a “restaurant” code.  Please also note - purchases made through mobile/wireless technology may not earn additional points depending on how the technology is set up to process the purchase. We reserve the exclusive right to determine which purchases qualify for additional points. Please see our Earning Points FAQs at thankyou.com/help for more information.

Please see the Citi ThankYou Rewards Terms and Conditions at thankyou.com/terms, or call us at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) to request a complete copy of the Terms and Conditions. The Terms and Conditions include redemption information on the Citi ThankYou Rewards Program.

6 $100 Annual Hotel Savings Benefit
Once per calendar year, enjoy $100 off a single hotel stay of $500 or more, excluding taxes and fees, when booked through thankyou.com or 1-800-THANKYOU (powered by cxLoyalty) and subject to the additional requirements stated below. To receive the $100 annual hotel savings, you must pre-pay for your complete stay with your Citi Premier Card, ThankYou Points, or a combination thereof. If you choose to use the benefit, the $100 annual hotel savings will be applied at the time of booking.
If you cancel a booking for which you used the $100 hotel savings, the benefit will remain available for use in the same calendar year.  All reservations must be changed or canceled through thankyou.com or by calling 1-800-THANKYOU.
Eligibility requirements:

Reservations must be made by the primary cardmember. Reservations can be made in the primary cardmember’s or authorized users’ names
Packaged rates such as air and hotel, or hotel and car rental do not qualify for this benefit
Reservations made through any party or channel other than thankyou.com or 1-800-THANKYOU are not eligible for the $100 annual hotel savings
The $100 annual hotel savings benefit cannot be combined in the same transaction with the Citi Prestige® Card Complimentary 4th Night Hotel Stay if you have both the Citi Premier and Citi Prestige cards. This benefit also cannot be combined with any other promotions or discounts on thankyou.com

Fraud, Misuse, Abuse, or Suspicious Activity. If we see evidence of fraud, misuse, abuse or suspicious activity, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to take action against you. This may include, without limitation and without prior notice, any or all of the following:

Taking away your accrued ThankYou Points
Stopping you from earning ThankYou Points
Suspending or closing your Card Account or ThankYou Account
Taking legal action to recover rewards redeemed because of such activity and to recover our monetary losses including litigation costs and damages


	Some examples of fraud, misuse, abuse and suspicious activity include:


Using your Card Account in an abusive manner for the primary purpose of acquiring ThankYou Points
Using your Card Account other than primarily for personal, consumer or household purposes
Repeatedly opening Card Accounts or Citibank Checking Accounts for the primary purpose of acquiring ThankYou Points

For more information, please see the Citi ThankYou Rewards Terms and Conditions at thankyou.com/terms.
Citi Entertainment®. Offers on Citi Entertainment® are available to Citi credit card members and Citibank Debit Mastercard® customers. Some restrictions apply. See citientertainment.com for specific offer details and information. Citi is not responsible for products or services offered by other companies.
Points Transfer. You will need an account with one of the participating loyalty programs in order to transfer points. Following a transfer of ThankYou® Points the resulting reward currency will be subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Travel Loyalty Program. Timing of posting may vary depending on the Travel Loyalty Program and may take as long as 14 days to process. A submitted request to transfer points may not be canceled and the points in a submitted request may not be returned to your ThankYou Account. ThankYou Rewards is not responsible for, or affiliated with, the Travel Loyalty Programs. Citi makes no representation regarding travel services provided by any of the Travel Loyalty Programs. Additional ThankYou terms and conditions apply and are available at https://www.thankyou.com/tc.jspx.

Must be a TrueBlue® member and must register your membership number in advance to participate in this program/promotion. TrueBlue membership, and the earning and redemption of TrueBlue points are subject to TrueBlue Terms and Conditions. Visit https://trueblue.jetblue.com/web/trueblue/terms-and-conditions for complete program Terms and Conditions
TrueBlue® is a registered trademark of JetBlue Airways Corporation.
© 2020 Virgin Atlantic Airways Limited. All rights reserved.
© 2020 KrisFlyer terms and conditions apply. http://www.singaporeair.com/en_UK/terms-conditions/
© 2020 Singapore Airlines. All rights reserved.
Mastercard® is a registered trademark, and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.
World Elite is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.







Close          
	


