The Best Interest Is No Interest.
 Take advantage of our low Intro APR for 21 months on balance transfers and for 12 months on purchases with the Citi Simplicity® Card.

Pricing Details
Pricing Details







Citi Simplicity® Card




4.6Rated 4.61 out of 5 stars5287 ReviewsWrite a Review93% of respondents would recommend this to a friend{"@context":"http://schema.org/","@type":"AggregateRating","ratingValue":4.61,"reviewCount":5287,"itemReviewed":{"@type":"Product","@id":"102040-202-en_US"}}

Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 1-800-526-2323

TTY: Use Relay Service







Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 1-800-526-2323

TTY: Use Relay Service

Citi Simplicity® Card








With the Citi Simplicity® credit card, take advantage of a low intro APR on credit card balance transfers and purchases. Plus, keep it simple with no late fees, no penalty rate and no annual fee – ever. Apply for the Citi Simplicity® credit card today and experience all the benefits it has to offer.
0% Intro APR on balance transfers for 21 months from date of first transfer. All transfers must be completed in first 4 months. After that, the variable APR will be 16.24% - 26.24%, based on your creditworthiness. 1

0% Intro APR on purchases for 12 months from date of account opening. After that, the variable APR will be 16.24% - 26.24%, based on your creditworthiness. 1
If you transfer a balance with this offer, after your 0% Intro purchase APR expires, both new purchases and unpaid purchase balances will automatically accrue interest until all balances, including your transferred balance, are paid in full.
Balance Transfer Fee: Either $ 5 or 5% of the amount of each credit card balance transfer, whichever is greater.
Save time, just say "representative" when you call, to enjoy fast personal help.
No Annual Fee
Pricing DetailsProtection
Citi® Identity Theft Solutions

Identity theft can happen to anyone. If it happens to you, Citi® Identity Theft Solutions can help you resolve the matter and get your life back on track. We assist you with identifying compromised accounts, filing police reports and taking steps to get your good name and good credit back.
Travel Protection
EMV Chip Technology

Enjoy global acceptance and enhanced security when you use your credit card at merchants that use chip enabled terminals to accept your payment.
Purchase Protection
$0 Liability on Unauthorized Charges

You're completely protected against unauthorized charges on your account. At Citi, you will not be responsible for a charge that you did not authorize, online or otherwise.Convenience
24/7 Customer Service

Questions about your Citi® card account? Just call the number on the back of your credit card. Just say 'representative' to access fast, live help from a friendly Customer Service representative ready to help with virtually every aspect of your cardmembership (including technical assistance) ––24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
Automatic Account Alerts

Alerts keep you informed and stress-free. Once you've set up alerts, we'll remind you about your balance levels, payments due, or when you go over your credit limit, by email or directly on your mobile phone.
Choose your Payment Due Date

Choose to pay your bill on any available due date in the beginning, middle or end of the month. Enjoy the flexibility of paying your full balance or just the minimum payment due each month.
Citi® Cards with Apple Pay®

is another way Citi provides quick and easy payments. With a simple touch you can pay in-app or at over 200,000 stores with the iPhone®6, or in-app with the iPad Air® 2 and iPad miniTM 3. Plus, you'll still enjoy all of the benefits that come with your Citi card when you use Apple Pay to check out. Learn more at Citi.com/ApplePay

Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Pay, iPhone and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.CITI SIMPLICITY® CARD PRICING DETAILS
Introductory rate of 0% for 12 months from date of account opening on purchases and for 21 months from date of first transfer for balance transfers completed within 4 months of account opening. After that, the standard purchase APR will be applied to unpaid introductory balances and new balance transfers. The standard variable APR for purchases and cash advances is 16.24% - 26.24%, based on your creditworthiness. Please note that these rates will vary with the Prime Rate. Minimum interest charge – $0.50. Fee for foreign purchases – 3% of the U.S. dollar amount of each purchase. Cash advance fee – either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee – either $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. New cardmembers only. Subject to credit approval. Additional limitations, terms and conditions apply. You will be given further information when you apply.
Certain terms and conditions apply. Coverage details will be provided upon card membership or you can visit
www.cardbenefits.citi.com.
Pricing & Information Additional InformationApply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-526-2323
TTY: Use Relay Service