UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  0% introductory APR for 18 mon
ths from date of account opening.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
    After that, your APR will be 15.49% to 25.49%, based on your creditworthines
s.                                                                              
                                                                                
                                                     These APRs will vary with t
he market based on the Prime Rate.a                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                             APR for Balance Transfers                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                               0% introductory APR for 18 months from date of fi
rst transfer when transfers are completed within 4 months from date of account o
pening.                                                                         
                                                                                
                                           After that, your APR will be 15.49% t
o 25.49%, based on your creditworthiness.                                       
                                                                                
                             These APRs will vary with the market based on the P
rime Rate.a                                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
     APR for Cash Advances                                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
   15.49% to 25.49%, based on your creditworthiness.                            
                                                                                
                                       This APR will vary with the market based 
on the Prime Rate.b                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                How to Avoid Paying Interest on 
Purchases                                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                   Your due date
 is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge y
ou any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each
 month.                                                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
          Minimum Interest Charge                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                        If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less 
than 50 cents.                                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                   For Credit Ca
rd Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
         To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a cr
edit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at     
                                                                     http://www.
consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                          Fees                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                  Annual Fee    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                    None        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                      Transactio
n Fees                                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
            •                                                                   
                                                                         Balance
 Transfer                                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
Either $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
 •                                                                              
                                                              Cash Advance      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                          Either $10 or 5% of th
e amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
               •                                                                
                                                                            Fore
ign Purchase Transaction                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
               3% of each purchase transaction in US dollars.                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                 Penalty Fees                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
   •                                                                            
                                                                Returned Payment
                                                                                
                                                                                
                      Up to $35                                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                      How We Wil
l Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including curre
nt transactions)."    For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. New 
York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services a
t (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit card ra
tes, fees and grace periods.  Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of yo
ur payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, includin
g transferred balances. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will 
be applied to your highest rate balance first. Prime Rate: The variable rates sh
own here are accurate based on a 4.75% Prime Rate.                              
                                                a We add 10.74% to 20.74% to the
 Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.b We add 10.74% to 20
.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. Variable rate APRs wi
ll not exceed 29.99%.                      Citi Simplicity® Card Terms &amp; Con
ditions                    This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must b
e at least 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a separate acco
unt.Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of you
r account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Acc
ount application.By submitting this application, you request that Citibank, N.A.
 ("Citibank") establish a Citi Simplicity® Card account (the "Card Account") to 
you and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all information
 provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate.The Card Account i
s governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when t
he Card Account is issued.                            Identity Verification     
                       IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW 
ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money launde
ring activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, veri
fy, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. Thi
s means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other inform
ation that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also a
sk to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain ident
ification information about you or any authorized user you add to your account. 
           Credit ReportsYou authorize us to get credit reports and other inform
ation about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, for such pur
poses as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, review
ing and renewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collectio
n and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and servi
ces and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you wheth
er or not we requested a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of any
 credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may re
port negative information about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, 
to consumer reporting agencies.    Credit Information    To receive a Card Accou
nt, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.     Your 
credit limit will be determined based on the following:            Your annual s
alary and wages        Any other annual income        A review of your debt, inc
luding the debt listed on your credit report        We'll inform you of your cre
dit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $500. 
Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your credit limit.
       Card Agreement                            If you are approved for a Card 
Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account.  
               The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use you
r Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account,                 the Ca
rd Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 d
ays after we send you the Card Agreement.                 We have the right to m
ake changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in acco
rdance with the Card Agreement.            Special Notices                      
      Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require tha
t all creditors make credit equally available to all                 creditworth
y customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histori
es on each individual upon request.                 The Ohio Civil Rights Commis
sion administers compliance with this law.                                      
  Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral state
ment, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of
 such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have
 actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened. Important Informat
ion About Adding An Authorized User            Before adding an authorized user 
to your Card Account you should know:                            You're responsi
ble for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user. 
               Authorized users have access to your Card Account information.   
                                 Before adding an authorized user, you must let 
him/her know that we may report Card Account performance                     to 
the credit reporting agencies in the authorized user's name.                    
                                 If we ask for information about the authorized 
user, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and fo
r us to share it as allowed by applicable law.            Balance Transfer Infor
mation                            How to Make Balance Transfers                 
                                          After receiving your card, you can cal
l the customer service number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Bal
ance transfers are made available at our discretion. All balance transfers are s
ubject to the standard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotio
nal rate applies.                                                    If we give 
you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at leas
t 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer paym
ents. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request b
y calling the number on the back of your card.                                  
                  You may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your bala
nce transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available credit 
limit. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount b
ecause you may lose your dispute rights. You can't transfer balances from other 
accounts issued by Citibank, N.A. or its affiliates. To see if your Card Account
 is issued by Citi, go to citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi product
s and affiliates.Continue to make payments on your other accounts until you have
 confirmed this balance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the
 amount of the balance transfer directly to that issuer. The available credit li
mit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, incl
uding fees we approve.                        Things You Should Know About Your 
Balance Transfer Offer:   If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest wi
ll be charged on purchases made with your credit card unless your purchases have
 a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amou
nt of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period
. Additional Information    Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in c
onnection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for a
ny reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for p
roducts and services offered by other companies.                          Close