UDAP T&C







                                   
                                                 CITI DISCLOSURES
                                   




                                   
                                                 Interest Rates and Interest Charges
                                   





Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases



13.99% to 23.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                        
                                                 

                                                 
                                                 
                                                        
                                                        
                                                        
                                                        These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a




APR for Balance Transfers



0% introductory APR for 18 months from date of first transfer when transfers are completed within 4 months from date of account opening.
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 After that, your APR will be 13.99% to 23.99%, based on your creditworthiness. 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a




APR for Cash Advances



25.24%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b




APR for Citi Flex Plan



13.99% to 23.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                 
                                                       
                                                        These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a




Penalty APR and When it Applies



Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                                                                                
                                                 
                                                 This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c

This APR may be applied to your account if you:
                                                  
                                                 
                                                 (1) Make a late payment or (2) Make a payment that is returned.

How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.




How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases



Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment Amount plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month.  If you do not pay your monthly Citi Flex Plan Payment plus your entire balance, excluding any Citi Flex Plan balances, by the due date each month, you will pay interest on your purchases from the date they're posted to your account.  We will begin charging interest on cash advances and balance transfers on the transaction date. We will begin charging interest on a Citi Flex Plan balance at the start of the billing cycle following the billing cycle during which you created the Citi Flex Plan.  




Minimum Interest Charge



If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than 50 cents.




For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau



To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at  
                               
                     http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
















                                   
                                                 Fees
                                          





Annual Fee



None




Transaction Fees



                                                 Balance Transfer 

                                                 Cash Advance	  

                                                 Foreign Purchase Transaction





Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
                                                 
                                                                                                                      
                                          
												
                                              Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.

3% of each purchase transaction in U.S. dollars.





Penalty Fees


 
                                                        Late Payment 
 
														Returned Payment





Up to $40

Up to $40 











How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current transactions)."

Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you make a late payment.

		   For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382 (for TTY phone services for the hearing/speech impaired: 1-800-325-2865). New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit card rates, fees and grace periods.

Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest rate balance first.



Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 3.25% Prime Rate.  





a We add 10.74% to 20.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer/Citi Flex Plan APR. 
              	 
              	
				



b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. 
				
				



c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. 
				
				



				Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.
				



Note: Balance Transfers and Flex Plans are made available at our discretion. 
				
				











	Citi® Double Cash Card Terms & Conditions



This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a separate account. The Card offer referenced in this communication is only available to individuals who reside in the United States and its territories. Your eligibility for a particular product and service is subject to a final determination by Citibank. This communication is not and should not be construed as, an offer to individuals outside of the United States. Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.
	




 
		By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a Citi® Double Cash Card account (the "Card Account") to you and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all information provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate.
The Card Account is governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.

    




Identity Verification

                IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any authorized user you add to your account.
            
Authorization for the Social Security Administration to Disclose Your Social Security Number Verification - You authorize the Social Security Administration (SSA) to verify and disclose to Citibank, N.A. through Experian for the purpose of this transaction whether the name, Social Security Number (SSN) and date of birth you have submitted matches information in SSA records. Your consent is for a one-time validation within the next 90 days.
Communications
You agree that we and or our service providers may contact you at any phone number provided, email address, or mailing address.  This includes communications to mobile or similar device. We may contact you by live person, auto dialer, recorded or artificial voice, text, or email for servicing, marketing information, or for decision for credit card application.

Credit Reports

		You authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, 
		for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, 
		credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and services 
		and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we requested a credit bureau report and the 
		names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information 
		about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.
               
	


Credit Information
To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness and any other of our eligibility criteria, which we determine in our sole discretion.
Your credit limit will be determined based on the following:

Your annual salary and wages
Any other annual income
A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit report

We'll inform you of your credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $500. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your credit limit.
 
Card Agreement

                If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. 
                The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account, 
                the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement. 
                We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.
            

Special Notices

Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all 
                creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. 
                The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
            

Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened.
Important Information About Adding An Authorized User
Before adding an authorized user to your Card Account you should know:

You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.
Authorized users have access to your Card Account information.

        Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know that we may report Card Account performance 
        to the credit reporting agencies in the authorized user's name.
    

If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law.


Balance Transfer Information

How to Make Balance Transfers



                   After receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at our discretion. All balance transfers are subject to the standard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotional rate applies.
                

                    If we give you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of your card.
                

                    You may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available credit limit. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citi or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, please visit www.citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.
Continue to make payments on your other accounts until you have confirmed this balance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount of the balance transfer directly to that issuer. The available credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we approve.

Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:
If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on purchases made with your credit card unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period.
If you default under your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on the balance transfer.

Additional Information

    Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for products and services offered by other companies.


blockquote.AddinfoTable {
    font-size: 13px;
    line-height: 1.5;
    border: 1px solid #000000;
    padding: 15px 15px;
    text-align: left;
   /*margin-top: 20px;*/
    margin-bottom: 20px;
    margin-left: -24px;
    list-style-type: disc !important;
}
li.blockstyle{
list-style-type: none;
padding-top: 0px;
}
ul.liststyle {
  list-style-type: disc;
}
ul.numberstyle {
list-style-type: decimal;
}
.tittle-font {
font-weight: bold;
text-decoration: underline; 
}

.font-style {

font-family: Arial,sans-serif;
}

.font-style li{

font-family: inherit !important;
font-size: 14px !important;
}


Citi® Double Cash Card Reward Program Information
Your Citi Double Cash Card account ("Card Account") will earn cash rewards based on your purchases and related payments, as explained below.
• Cash Back on Purchases: At the end of each billing cycle, you will earn cash rewards equal to 1% of the dollar amount of the purchases posted to your Card Account during that billing cycle, subject to "When you will not earn cash rewards" below. The cash rewards you earn for purchases will show on your billing statement as "Cash Back on Purchases."

The following transactions are not purchases and will not earn cash rewards:  balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your Card Account, items returned for credit, disputed or unauthorized purchases, fraudulent transactions, traveler's checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions), loads or reloads of balances on gift cards or prepaid cards or cash equivalents, person-to-person payments, Citi Flex Loans, the creation of Citi Flex Pays, Card Account fees and charges (such as late fees and finance charges), and fees for services or programs you elect to receive through us. 


• Cash Back on Payments: At the end of each billing cycle, you will earn cash rewards equal to 1% of the dollar amount of any eligible payments you make on your Card Account as long as there is a balance in your Purchase Tracker (see "Purchase Tracker" below). You will only earn Cash Back on Payments for eligible payments up to the balance shown on your Card Account's Purchase Tracker. The balance in your Card Account's Purchase Tracker will be reduced by the amount of eligible payments you make. When the Purchase Tracker reaches $0, you won't earn cash rewards on eligible payments until more purchases are made and added to the Purchase Tracker. The cash rewards you earn for payments will show on your billing statement as "Cash Back on Payments."

Eligible payments means payments you make on your Card Account, except for payments that are less than the amount of the Minimum Payment Due (as set forth on your billing statement) and payments detailed below in "When you will not earn cash rewards." The redemption of cash rewards for a statement credit is not an eligible payment.


• When you will not earn cash rewards:

Your Card Account must be current to earn rewards. If you fail to make a Minimum Payment Due by the first day of your next Billing Period, then you will not earn 1% cash rewards for purchases posted to your Card Account during the billing cycle in which you failed to pay the Minimum Payment Due unless you become current and Reinstate those purchases (see "Reinstatement" below). You will also not earn cash rewards for future purchases until you become current.
You will not earn cash back for payments made to bring your account current except to the extent that you have a balance in your Card Account's Purchase Tracker at the time you make the payment.
Additionally, you will not earn 1% cash rewards on payments correlated to purchases made in a billing cycle during which you did not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due from your prior statement. These purchases are not added to your Purchase Tracker, subject to "Reinstatement" below.
        
This means that you must pay at least the Minimum Payment Due shown on your billing statement by the first day of your next Billing Period in order to: 
                
Receive cash rewards on purchases (Cash Back on Purchases) posted to your Card Account during that billing cycle; and
Earn 1% cash rewards on eligible payments made in connection with those purchases (Cash Back on Payments). 
You will also not earn Cash Back on Purchases or Cash Back on Payments after your Card Account has been closed.

Not earning cash rewards‐
                    For example: Your billing statement is sent on January 1 with a Minimum Payment Due of $57.25 and a payment due date of January 26; and the first day of your next Billing Period is February 1.

                    •  January 1 ‐ your January billing statement is sent
                    •  January 10 ‐ you make a $300 purchase
                    •  January 26 ‐ your payment due date (when your $57.25 Minimum Payment Due must be paid)
                    •  February 1 ‐ the first day of your next Billing Period
If you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment Due ($57.25) by February 1, then you will not earn 1% cash rewards for the January 10 purchase and that purchase will not appear in your Purchase Tracker. You will also not earn 1% cash back for payments correlated with that purchase unless you Reinstate the purchase and then make an eligible payment.







• Reinstatement: Reinstatement applies to purchases for which you did not receive cash rewards (Cash Back on Purchases) because you failed to pay the full Minimum Payment Due by the first day of your next Billing Period (as detailed above in "When you will not earn cash rewards"). You may receive cash rewards for these purchases if they are available for reinstatement and you contact us by phone, when your account is current, to request Reinstatement for these purchases. Purchases will be unavailable for Reinstatement if you have not otherwise earned any Cash Back on Purchases or Payments for 12 months. Purchases will also be unavailable for Reinstatement after your account is closed. The amount of the purchases associated with Reinstated purchases will appear in your Purchase Tracker balance following Reinstatement.

You may learn about purchases available to you for Reinstatement and request Reinstatement by contacting us at 1-855-473-4583 TTY: Use 711 or Other Relay Service.

• Purchase Tracker: We will maintain a Purchase Tracker for your Card Account.  The Purchase Tracker will be shown on your billing statement. The Purchase Tracker shows the balance of purchases (as detailed above in "Cash Back on Purchases") less eligible payments made on your Card Account, subject to "When you will not earn cash rewards" above. You will only earn Cash Back on Payments up to the balance shown on your Card Account's Purchase Tracker.
• Redeeming Cash Rewards: You may visit www.citi.com or contact us at 1-855-473-4583 TTY: Use 711 or Other Relay Service to redeem your cash rewards. You must have a cash rewards balance of $25 or more to redeem your cash rewards for a check, statement credit, or credit to a linked account. There is a $1 minimum cash rewards balance required to convert cash rewards to ThankYou Points. To convert cash rewards to ThankYou Points your Card Account must be current at the time you convert. If you choose to convert cash rewards to ThankYou Points, the ThankYou Points you obtain will be governed by the ThankYou Terms and Conditions for Double Cash, as may be amended, from time to time, in our sole discretion. We may set up a ThankYou Account for you, regardless of whether you convert cash rewards to ThankYou Points, to enable you to convert cash rewards to ThankYou Points.  For example, we will set up a ThankYou Account for you if you click on the "Convert to Points" redemption option. If we set up a ThankYou Account for you, we may provide information about your ThankYou Account to businesses (retailers and merchants) that participate in the Citi ThankYou Rewards loyalty program ("Participating Partners"). If you add your Card Account to an account you have with a Participating Partner and have used or use your Card Account to make a purchase, you may be automatically enrolled in a program that enables you to use ThankYou Points with that Participating Partner at checkout. If you are automatically enrolled in such a program, you will receive an email informing you of the auto-enrollment. You may also link your ThankYou Account to certain Participating Partners through self-registration processes that will be provided to you if available. You can choose to redeem your cash rewards as follows:

Request a check for at least $25 up to the total cash rewards balance at the time you redeem;
Redeem for a statement credit to your Card Account for at least $25 up to the total cash rewards balance at the time you redeem;
Redeem for a credit to your linked Citi savings or checking account or to a checking account from which you have paid a Citi Credit Card bill at least two times
Convert your cash rewards to ThankYou Points

Only you may redeem cash rewards, unless you or we agree otherwise. You are responsible for any taxes that may be due on cash rewards redemptions.
• Account Closure: If we close your Card Account, you will no longer be able to earn or redeem your cash rewards and you will forfeit any accumulated, earned cash rewards. In addition, you will no longer be able to Reinstate purchases if we close your Card Account. If you close or convert your Card Account, you will no longer be able to earn cash rewards and you must redeem any available cash rewards prior to account closure or cash rewards will be forfeited. Additionally, you will no longer be able to Reinstate purchases if you close or convert your Card Account. 
• Account Inactivity: Purchases will become unavailable for Reinstatement if your account does not earn any Cash Back on Purchases or Cash Back on Payments for 12 months. Reinstatement of purchases will not constitute the earning of Cash Back on Purchases for this purpose.
• Cash Rewards Expiration: Your cash rewards balance will expire if you have not earned any Cash Back on Purchases or Cash Back on Payments for 12 months.
• Value of Cash Rewards: Cash rewards have no cash value until such time as you may request and receive redemption (check or statement credit or direct deposit) for your eligible cash rewards. You may not assign, transfer, or pledge your cash rewards. You have no property rights or other legal interest in cash rewards.
• Program Rules: We may revise any of these terms at any time with 30 days prior written notice. In addition, we may terminate the Citi Double Cash Card Reward Program with 30 days prior written notice. If we terminate the program, you will only have 90 days to request your redemption eligible cash rewards.
• Fraud: If your Card Account shows any sign of fraudulent, abusive or suspicious activity, we may close or suspend your Card Account immediately without giving you prior notice. You may also forfeit your accrued cash rewards.
Mastercard® is a registered trademark, and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.
World Elite is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.







Close          
	


