UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  0% introductory APR for 7 mont
hs from date of account opening.                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
   After that, your APR will be 15.99% to 25.99%, based on your creditworthiness
.                                                                               
                                                                                
                                                    These APRs will vary with th
e market based on the Prime Rate.a                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                            APR for Balance Transfers                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                              15.99% to 25.99%, based on your creditworthiness, 
for transfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                    APR for Cash
 Advances                                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                  26.74%        
                                                                                
                                                           This APR will vary wi
th the market based on the Prime Rate.b                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                 Penalty APR and When it Applies                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                         Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworth
iness.                                                                          
                                                                                
                                                        This APR will vary with 
the market based on the Prime Rate.c                                            
                                                                                
                       This APR may be applied to your account if you:          
                                                                                
                                                          (1) Make a late paymen
t or (2) Make a payment that is returned.                                       
                                                                                
                             How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs a
re increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely
.                                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                   Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each bil
ling cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your ent
ire balance by the due date each month.                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                          Minimum Interest Charge               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                        If you are charged inter
est, the charge will be no less than 50 cents.                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                   For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection B
ureau                                                                           
                                                                                
                                         To learn more about factors to consider
 when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Fin
ancial Protection Bureau at                                                     
                     http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          Fees  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                  Annual Fee                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                    None                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                      Transaction Fees                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                            •                                   
                                                                                
                         Balance Transfer                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                Either $5 or 4% of the amount of each transfer, 
whichever is greater.                                                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                 •                                              
                                                                                
              Cash Advance                                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
          Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is grea
ter.                                                                            
                                                                                
                                               •                                
                                                                                
                            Foreign Purchase Transaction                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                               3% of each purchase transaction i
n US dollars.                                                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                 Penalty Fees   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
          •                                                                     
                                                                                
            Late Payment                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                          Up to 
$35                                                                             
                                                                                
                                       •                                        
                                                                                
                    Returned Payment                                            
                                                                                
                                                          Up to $35             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                          How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method ca
lled "daily balance (including current transactions)."  Loss of Introductory APR
: We may end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you make a late 
payment.   For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. New York reside
nts may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at (800) 342
-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit card rates, fees a
nd grace periods.  Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments
 up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferr
ed balances. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied 
to your highest rate balance first. Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here ar
e accurate based on a 4.75% Prime Rate.                                         
                                     a We add 11.24% to 21.24% to the Prime Rate
 to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rat
e to determine the Cash Advances APR. c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to
 determine the Penalty APR. Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.          
            Citi ThankYou® Preferred Terms &amp; Conditions                     
   This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of a
ge and a currenlty enrolled college student. If you're married, you may apply fo
r a separate account.Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is 
the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to proc
ess your Card Account application.                    By submitting this applica
tion, you request that Citibank, N.A. ("Citibank") establish a Citi ThankYou® Pr
eferred account (the "Card Account") to you. You agree that all information prov
ided in this application must be verifiable and accurate.The Card Account is gov
erned by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Ca
rd Account is issued.                                     Identity Verification 
                           IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A 
NEW ACCOUNT - To help thegovernment fight the funding of terrorism and money lau
ndering activities, federal law requires allfinancial institutions to obtain, ve
rify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. T
his means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other info
rmation that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also
 ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents, and obtain ide
ntification information about you.            Credit ReportsYou authorize us to 
get credit reports and other information about you from consumer reporting agenc
ies and other sources, for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a 
Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, credit lin
e increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, an
d offering other products and services and for any other uses permitted by law. 
If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we requested a credit bureau report
 and the names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such re
ports. From time to time, we may report negative information about your Card Acc
ount behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.    Credit Inf
ormation    To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bea
ring on creditworthiness.     Your credit limit will be determined based on the 
following:            Your annual salary and wages        Any other annual incom
e        A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit report 
       We'll inform you of your credit limit when you receive your credit card. 
Some limits may be as low as $500. Please note that cash advances may be limited
 to a portion of your credit limit.       Card Agreement                        
    If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement befo
re you can use your Card Account.                 The terms of the Card Agreemen
t will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your C
ard Account,                 the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not c
ancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement.    
             We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account
 (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.            Sp
ecial Notices                            Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws
 against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available
 to all                 creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agenci
es maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.          
       The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.   
                                     Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital p
roperty agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our r
ights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order bef
ore we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your ac
count is opened.Balance Transfer Information                            How to M
ake Balance Transfers                                                           
After receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the back 
of your card to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at our d
iscretion. All balance transfers are subject to the standard purchase APR unless
 an introductory and/or other promotional rate applies.                         
                           If we give you the option to transfer a balance with 
your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opene
d to process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or 
modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of your c
ard.                                                    You may transfer any amo
unt, but the total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees mu
st be less than your available credit limit. Be sure you don't transfer any disp
uted purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dispute rights. Y
ou can't transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citibank, N.A. or its a
ffiliates. To see if your Card Account is issued by Citi, go to citi.com/affilia
tesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.Continue to make payments
 on your other accounts until you have confirmed this balance transfer has been 
received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount of the balance transfer directly t
o that issuer. The available credit limit for your new card will be reduced by t
he total amount of the transfers, including fees we approve.                    
    Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:   If you transfer 
a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on purchases made with your 
credit card unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown
 on your statement (including the amount of your balance transfer) in full by th
e payment due date each billing period.If you default under your Card Agreement 
you may lose any promotional APR on the balance transfer. Additional Information
    Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in connection with your Card
 Account may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as oth
erwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for products and services off
ered by other companies.Citi® ThankYou® RewardsSummary of the Citi ThankYou® Pre
ferred Card Terms and ConditionsWith the Card Account, you can earn ThankYou Poi
nts for purchases made on your card.    Unless you are participating in a limite
d-time offer, you will earn:-- 2 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on purchases 
at restaurants (including cafes, bars, lounges and fast food restaurants), and o
n select entertainment, including live entertainment, live theatrical production
s, concerts, live sporting events, movie theaters, amusement parks (including zo
os, aquariums, circuses and carnivals), tourist attractions (including museums, 
and art galleries), record stores, video rental stores and on-demand internet st
reaming media;Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases. You won't earn 2X Points for pur
chases made at bakeries, certain restaurants/cafes inside department, grocery or
 warehouse stores, sporting camps, public and private golf courses, country club
s (including membership fees), stores that sell musical instruments, video game 
arcades, bowling alleys, stores that primarily sell video games/accessories, cha
ritable organizations that provide live entertainment, bookstores, and sports co
mplexes where you participate in the sport.-- 1 ThankYou Point for each $1 spent
 on other purchases including the non-qualifying purchases listed above.Only Pur
chases Earn Points. Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your ca
rd account, items returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and accoun
t fees, travelers checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders, wire transfe
rs (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, gaming chips (and simi
lar betting transactions) do not earn ThankYou Points.  Each merchant - e.g., a 
retailer, business or any other place where you can make a purchase - is assigne
d a code that indicates the merchant's primary area of business. We don't assign
 or have any control over merchant codes. Codes are chosen and assigned by a thi
rd party, who may change the codes from time to time. When you make a purchase a
t a merchant, we're provided the code for that merchant and if the code matches 
a category that gives you additional points, you will earn the additional points
. Because we don't control what code a merchant is assigned, sometimes a purchas
e that you think fits a certain category may not earn additional points. For exa
mple, a restaurant located within a large retail outlet may not be assigned a "r
estaurant" code, but rather a "retailer" code. This means that if you receive ad
ditional points for "dining out," you won't earn additional points for purchases
 at that restaurant. Or a restaurant located within a hotel may not be assigned 
a "restaurant" code, but rather a "hotel" code. This means that if you receive m
ore points for purchases at a hotel than you receive for purchases at a restaura
nt, each purchase at that restaurant will be treated as a purchase at a hotel, a
nd you'll receive additional Points. Please see our FAQs at thankyou.com/help or
 call the ThankYou Service Center at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) for more in
formation about merchant codes and categories.You may earn ThankYou Points as lo
ng as your Card Account is open and current. If your Card Account is closed, you
 will not be able to earn and redeem ThankYou Points and you will lose any accum
ulated ThankYou Points that have not been transferred to your ThankYou Member Ac
count (we will set up a ThankYou Member Account for you).ThankYou Rewards may be
 terminated with 30 days prior written notice. If ThankYou Rewards is terminated
, you will have 90 days from ThankYou Rewards termination date to redeem all you
r accumulated ThankYou Points. The ThankYou Rewards program may be changed at an
y time. Rewards offered by ThankYou Rewards and the ThankYou Point levels requir
ed for specific rewards are subject to change without notice.ThankYou Points ear
ned from purchases post to your Card Account at the close of each billing cycle,
 and at that time we will transfer the ThankYou Points you earned to your ThankY
ou Member Account. (Bonus ThankYou Points may take one to two additional billing
 cycles to post to your Card Account). ThankYou Points are not eligible for rede
mption until they are transferred to your ThankYou Member Account.Please see the
 Citi ThankYou Rewards Terms and Conditions at thankyou.com/terms, or call us at
 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) to request a complete copy of the Terms and Con
ditions. The Terms and Conditions include redemption information on the Citi Tha
nkYou Rewards Program.                         Close