UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  23.99%.                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
    This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                          APR for Balance Transf
ers                                                                             
                                                                                
                                                            23.99% for transfers
 completed within 2 months from date of account opening.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                               T
his APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                     APR for Cash Advances      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                   26.74%                       
                                                                                
                                            This APR will vary with the market b
ased on the Prime Rate.b                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                  Penalty APR and When it Applies                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                          Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                         This APR will vary with the market base
d on the Prime Rate.c                                                           
                                                                                
        This APR may be applied to your account if you:                         
                                                                                
                                           (1) Make a late payment or (2) Make a
 payment that is returned.                                                      
                                                                                
              How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased fo
r either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                 How to Avoid Pa
ying Interest on Purchases                                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
   Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We w
ill not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by t
he due date each month.                                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                          Minimum Interest Charge                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                        If you are charged interest, the charge 
will be no less than 50 cents.                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
   For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                         To learn more about factors to consider when applying f
or or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protectio
n Bureau at                                                                     
     http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                          Fees                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  Annual Fee                                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
    None                                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      Transaction Fees                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                            •                                                   
                                                                                
         Balance Transfer                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is gre
ater.                                                                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                 •                                                              
                                                                              Ca
sh Advance                                                                      
                                                                                
                                                                          Either
 $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                               •                                                
                                                                                
            Foreign Purchase Transaction                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                               3% of each purchase transaction in US dollars.   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                 Penalty Fees                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          •     
                                                                                
                                                                            Late
 Payment                                                                        
                                                                                
                                                          Up to $35             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                       •                                                        
                                                                                
    Returned Payment                                                            
                                                                                
                                          Up to $35                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
          How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily bala
nce (including current transactions)."  Loss of Introductory APR: We may end you
r introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you make a late payment.   For m
ore information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. New York residents may contact 
the New York State Department of Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs
.ny.gov for comparative information on credit card rates, fees and grace periods
.  Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Mini
mum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Gen
erally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest 
rate balance first. Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based
 on a 4.75% Prime Rate.                                 a We add 19.24% to the P
rime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.                       
                      b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Ad
vances APR. c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR
. Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.                      Citi® Secured 
Mastercard® Terms &amp; Conditions                        This offer is valid fo
r new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married, yo
u may apply for a separate account.Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we
" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of subm
ission to process your Card Account application.                    By submittin
g this application, you request that Citi establish a Citi® Secured Mastercard® 
account (the "Card Account") to you. You agree that all information provided in 
this application must be verifiable and accurate.The Card Account is governed by
 the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Accou
nt is issued.                                    Identity Verification          
                  IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOU
NT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering 
activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, a
nd record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This mea
ns that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information
 that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to
 see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identifica
tion information about you or any authorized user you add to your account.      
      Credit ReportsYou authorize us to get credit reports and other information
 about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, for such purposes
 as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing a
nd renewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection and
 other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and services a
nd for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or
 not we requested a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of any cred
it bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report 
negative information about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to co
nsumer reporting agencies.Credit InformationTo receive a Card Account, you must 
meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.Your credit limit will 
be determined based on the following:                                        You
r annual salary and wages                Any other annual income                
A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit report          
                              You must not have any bankruptcy history within th
e last two years.                         To receive a Card Account, we will ope
n a Collateral Holding Account on your behalf which DOES NOT PAY INTEREST.      
                      We'll inform you of your credit limit when you receive you
r credit card. Some limits may be as low as $200. Please note that cash advances
 may be limited to a portion of your credit limit.               Card Agreement 
                           If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receiv
e a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account.                 The ter
ms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even i
f you do not use your Card Account,                 the Card Agreement will take
 effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you 
the Card Agreement.                 We have the right to make changes to the ter
ms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card A
greement.            Special Notices                            Notice to Ohio R
esidents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make c
redit equally available to all                 creditworthy customers, and that 
credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual 
upon request.                 The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compl
iance with this law.                                        Notice to Wisconsin 
Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree 
adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, state
ment or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of i
ts terms before your account is opened. Important Information About Adding An Au
thorized User            Before adding an authorized user to your Card Account y
ou should know:                            You're responsible for all charges ma
de or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.                Authori
zed users have access to your Card Account information.                         
           Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know that we m
ay report Card Account performance                     to the credit reporting a
gencies in the authorized user's name.                                          
           If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain 
their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as al
lowed by applicable law.            Balance Transfer Information                
            How to Make Balance Transfers                                       
                    After receiving your card, you can call the customer service
 number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Balance transfers are mad
e available at our discretion. All balance transfers are subject to the standard
 purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotional rate applies.     
                                               If we give you the option to tran
sfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after your C
ard Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time
, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number o
n the back of your card.                                                    You 
may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your balance transfer plus bala
nce transfer fees must be less than your available credit limit. Be sure you don
't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose yo
ur dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Ci
ti or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, please vis
it www.citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.Co
ntinue to make payments on your other accounts until you have confirmed this bal
ance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount of the bala
nce transfer directly to that issuer. The available credit limit for your new ca
rd will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we appro
ve.                        Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Of
fer:   If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on pu
rchases made with your credit card unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pa
y the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance 
transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period.If you default und
er your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on the balance transfer.
 Additional Information    Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in co
nnection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for an
y reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for pr
oducts and services offered by other companies.                        Close