UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  0% introductory APR for 12 mon
ths from date of account opening.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
    After that, your APR will be 14.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthines
s.                                                                              
                                                                                
                                                     These APRs will vary with t
he market based on the Prime Rate.a                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                             APR for Balance Transfers                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                               0% introductory APR for 21 months from date of fi
rst transfer when transfers are completed within 4 months from date of account o
pening.                                                                         
                                                                                
                                           After that, your APR will be 14.49% t
o 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness.                                       
                                                                                
                             These APRs will vary with the market based on the P
rime Rate.a                                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
     APR for Cash Advances                                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
   26.74%                                                                       
                                                                            This
 APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  Penalty APR and When it Applie
s                                                                               
                                                                                
                                                          Up to 29.99%, based on
 your creditworthiness.                                                         
                                                                                
                                                                         This AP
R will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c                           
                                                                                
                                        This APR may be applied to your account 
if you:                                                                         
                                                                           (1) M
ake a late payment or (2) Make a payment that is returned.                      
                                                                                
                                              How Long Will the Penalty APR Appl
y? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may a
pply indefinitely.                                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                 How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    Your due date is at least 23 days after the 
close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if
 you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                           Minimum Interest Char
ge                                                                              
                                                                                
                                                                         If you 
are charged interest, the charge will be no less than 50 cents.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Finan
cial Protection Bureau                                                          
                                                                                
                                                          To learn more about fa
ctors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of
 the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at                                    
                                      http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
           Fees                                                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   Annual Fee                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                     None                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                       Transaction Fees                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                             •                  
                                                                                
                                          Balance Transfer                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                 Either $5 or 5% of the amount o
f each transfer, whichever is greater.                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  •                             
                                                                                
                               Cash Advance                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, 
whichever is greater.                                                           
                                                                                
                                                                •               
                                                                                
                                             Foreign Purchase Transaction       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                3% of each purch
ase transaction in US dollars.                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  Penalty Fees                                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           •                                                    
                                                                                
                             Late Payment                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
           Up to $35                                                            
                                                                                
                                                        •                       
                                                                                
                                     Returned Payment                           
                                                                                
                                                                           Up to
 $35                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                           How We Will Calculate Your Balance: W
e use a method called "daily balance (including current transactions)."  Loss of
 Introductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if
 you make a late payment.   For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382
. New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Serv
ices at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit c
ard rates, fees and grace periods.  Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion
 of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, in
cluding transferred balances. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due
 will be applied to your highest rate balance first. Prime Rate: The variable ra
tes shown here are accurate based on a 4.75% Prime Rate.                        
                                                      a We add 9.74% to 19.74% t
o the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.b We add 21.99% 
to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. c We add up to 26.74% to t
he Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. Variable rate APRs will not exceed 2
9.99%.                      Citi® Diamond Preferred® Card Terms &amp; Conditions
                    This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at le
ast 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a separate account.Cit
ibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your accou
nt. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account ap
plication.By submitting this application, you request that Citibank, N.A. ("Citi
bank") establish a Citi® Diamond Preferred® Card account (the "Card Account") to
 you and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all informatio
n provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate.The Card Account 
is governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when 
the Card Account is issued.                            Identity Verification    
                        IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW
 ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laund
ering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, ver
ify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. Th
is means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other infor
mation that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also 
ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain iden
tification information about you or any authorized user you add to your account.
            Credit ReportsYou authorize us to get credit reports and other infor
mation about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, for such pu
rposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, revie
wing and renewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collecti
on and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and serv
ices and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whet
her or not we requested a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of an
y credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may r
eport negative information about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies,
 to consumer reporting agencies.    Credit Information    To receive a Card Acco
unt, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.     Your
 credit limit will be determined based on the following:            Your annual 
salary and wages        Any other annual income        A review of your debt, in
cluding the debt listed on your credit report        We'll inform you of your cr
edit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $500.
 Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your credit limit
.       Card Agreement                            If you are approved for a Card
 Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. 
                The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use yo
ur Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account,                 the C
ard Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 
days after we send you the Card Agreement.                 We have the right to 
make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in acc
ordance with the Card Agreement.            Special Notices                     
       Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require th
at all creditors make credit equally available to all                 creditwort
hy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histor
ies on each individual upon request.                 The Ohio Civil Rights Commi
ssion administers compliance with this law.                                     
   Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral stat
ement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy o
f such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we hav
e actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened. Important Informa
tion About Adding An Authorized User            Before adding an authorized user
 to your Card Account you should know:                            You're respons
ible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.
                Authorized users have access to your Card Account information.  
                                  Before adding an authorized user, you must let
 him/her know that we may report Card Account performance                     to
 the credit reporting agencies in the authorized user's name.                   
                                  If we ask for information about the authorized
 user, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and f
or us to share it as allowed by applicable law.            Balance Transfer Info
rmation                            How to Make Balance Transfers                
                                           After receiving your card, you can ca
ll the customer service number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Ba
lance transfers are made available at our discretion. All balance transfers are 
subject to the standard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promoti
onal rate applies.                                                    If we give
 you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at lea
st 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer pay
ments. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request 
by calling the number on the back of your card.                                 
                   You may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your bal
ance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available credit
 limit. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount 
because you may lose your dispute rights. You can't transfer balances from other
 accounts issued by Citibank, N.A. or its affiliates. To see if your Card Accoun
t is issued by Citi, go to citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi produc
ts and affiliates.Continue to make payments on your other accounts until you hav
e confirmed this balance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay th
e amount of the balance transfer directly to that issuer. The available credit l
imit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, inc
luding fees we approve.                        Things You Should Know About Your
 Balance Transfer Offer:   If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest w
ill be charged on purchases made with your credit card unless your purchases hav
e a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amo
unt of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing perio
d.If you default under your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on t
he balance transfer. Additional Information    Any benefit, reward, service or f
eature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinue
d at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn'
t responsible for products and services offered by other companies.             
           Close