New Card Offer!



Earn 2,500 Bonus Points afteryou spend $500 in purchases with your card within the first 3 months of account opening. Plus, take advantage of our low introductory APR on purchases*
*Pricing Details
*Pricing Details




                                        Bonus ThankYou Points are not available if you received a new cardmember bonus for Citi Rewards+℠, Citi ThankYou® Preferred, Citi ThankYou® Premier/Citi Premier℠ or Citi Prestige®, or if you have closed any of these cards, in the past 24 months.
                                    





Citi Rewards+℠ Student Card






Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 1-866-940-3276

TTY: Use Relay Service







Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 1-866-940-3276

TTY: Use Relay Service

Citi Rewards+℠ Student Card






                                        Bonus ThankYou Points are not available if you received a new cardmember bonus for Citi Rewards+℠, Citi ThankYou® Preferred, Citi ThankYou® Premier/Citi Premier℠ or Citi Prestige®, or if you have closed any of these cards, in the past 24 months.
                                    



The Card that Sees Little Things In a Big Way
With the new Citi Rewards+℠ Student Card, you can make the most out of your everyday purchases by earning double ThankYou® Points at the supermarkets and gas stations, for the first $6,000 per year and then 1 point on all other purchases. The Citi Rewards+℠ Student Card is one of Citi's best rewards credit cards. You can redeem for things like gift cards, pay for concert tickets or simply pay for part of your vacation with Select and Credit — all with a low introductory APR and no annual fee.*
2X at Supermarkets & Gas Stations for the first $6,000 per year (and 1 point per $1 spent thereafter) makes routine expenses — including gas and snacks –— work for you2
1X on All Other Purchases means your text books and computer earn you rewards, too2
Round Up to the nearest 10 points on every purchase — with no cap –– means you earn even more points2
10% Points Back for the first 100,000 ThankYou® Points you redeem per year helps keep a little something in reserve for fun2
Shop with Points at Amazon.com or BestBuy.com treat yourself to something you've been wanting2
Purchase Rate:

0% introductory APR for 7 months from date of account opening; after that your standard APR for purchases will be 16.74% - 26.74% based on your creditworthiness*
Balance Transfer Rate:

16.74% - 26.74% variable APR based on your creditworthiness.*
Balance Transfer Fee:

Either $5 or 4% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater, for each transfer*
Annual Fee

No Annual Fee*
 Rewards
2X
Supermarkets
& Gas Stations
Earn 2 ThankYou® Points per $1 spent at supermarkets and gas stations for the first $6,000 per year and 1 point per $1 spent thereafter.2
1X
All Other  
Purchases
Earn 1 ThankYou® Point per $1 spent on all other purchases.2
Round Up to the     
Nearest 10 Points2
Round Up to the nearest 10 points on every purchase — with no cap. So your $2 coffee earns 10 points. And a $22 dinner for two earns 30 points.2
Points Back
Get 10% Points Back for the first 100,000 ThankYou® Points you redeem per year. That means if you redeem 15,000 points, you get 1,500 back. It’s that simple.2Redeeming ThankYou® Points
Gift Cards

Treat yourself to just about anything. Choose from a large selection of gift cards including department and home stores as well as restaurants.
Shop with Points

Use ThankYou® Points to shop online at Amazon.com or BestBuy.com.
Select & Credit

Use your points to cover a variety of eligible purchases in select categories with statement credits.
Travel Rewards

Redeem for flights, hotels, cruises, and more.
Points Back
Get 10% Points Back on all of your redemptions for the first 100,000 ThankYou Points you redeem per year!Other Citi® Benefits
Citi® Private Pass®

Enjoy special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events annually, including presale tickets and VIP packages to concerts, sporting events, dining experiences, plus complimentary movie screenings and more, at citiprivatepass.com.Travel Protection
EMV Chip Technology

Enjoy global acceptance and enhanced security when you use your credit card at merchants that use chip enabled terminals to accept your payment.Convenience
24/7 Customer Service

Questions about your Citi® card account? Just call the number on the back of your credit card. Just say 'representative' to access fast, live help from a friendly Customer Service representative ready to help with virtually every aspect of your cardmembership (including technical assistance) - 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
Citi® Concierge

Citi® Concierge helps you save valuable time with a staff of specially-trained experts who are ready to assist you with your travel, shopping, dining, entertainment and everyday needs.
Digital Wallets

Digital wallets are a fast and easy way to pay online and on the go. Simply add your Citi® card to a digital wallet of your choice and start speeding through checkout. Plus you’ll enjoy all the great benefits that come with your card. Learn more how digital wallets can help protect your card information.CITI REWARDS+℠ STUDENT CARD PRICING DETAILS
* Introductory rate of 0% for 7 months from the date of account opening on purchases. After the introductory period ends, your standard APR for purchases will be applied to unpaid promotional balances and new purchases. The standard variable APR for purchases and balance transfers for the Citi Rewards+SM Student Card is 16.74% – 26.74% based on your creditworthiness. The standard variable APR for cash advances is 27.49%. The variable penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. Minimum interest charge — $0.50. Fee for foreign purchases — 3% of each purchase transaction in US dollars. Cash advance fee — either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee — either $5 or 4% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. New cardmembers only. Subject to credit approval. Additional limitations, terms and conditions apply. You will be given further information when you apply.
Certain terms and conditions apply.
1Pricing & Information 2Additional InformationApply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-866-940-3276
TTY: Use Relay Service