Earn Travel Rewards with Expedia Rewards Voyager Card

Earn 50,000 Expedia Rewards bonus points
after $2,000 in purchases within 3 months of account opening.


Annual Fee: $951

1Pricing & Information








Expedia® Rewards Card by Citi






Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 









Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 



Expedia® Rewards Card by Citi








Citi partnered with Expedia, Inc. to bring you premium travel rewards with an optimal Expedia credit card experience. The Expedia® Rewards Voyager card earns bonus points redeemable on Expedia.com. Also enjoy Expedia Rewards Gold Status for each year of card membership.
Earn 50,000 Expedia Rewards bonus points after $2,000 in purchases within 3 months of account opening.
Expedia Rewards bonus points offer is not available if you have had an Expedia Rewards or Expedia Rewards Voyager account opened or closed in the past 24 months.
Purchase Rate:
15.49% – 23.49% variable APR based on your creditworthinessRewards
4 Expedia Rewards bonus points
 per $1 spent on eligible Expedia purchases including flights, hotels, activities and travel packages.1
2 Expedia Rewards bonus points
 per $1 spent on purchases for dining out and entertainment, including tickets to concerts, movies and sporting events.1
1 Expedia Rewards bonus point
 per $1 spent on other purchases.1Rewards Program Details
$100 Annual Air Travel Fee Credit
 $100 Annual Air Travel Fee Statement Credit can be used toward airline incidentals on qualified airlines, Wi-Fi carriers or for either the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® application fee.2
Expedia Rewards Gold Status
  is complimentary for as long as you are a cardmember.2
Anniversary Bonus of 5,000 Expedia Rewards bonus points
  after you spend $10,000 in the prior year.2Benefits You Deserve
Citi® Private Pass®

Citi customers enjoy special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events annually, including presale tickets and VIP packages to concerts, sporting events, dining experiences, plus complimentary movie screenings and more, at citiprivatepass.comConvenience
Citi® Concierge

Citi® Concierge helps you save valuable time with a staff of specially-trained experts who are ready to assist you with your travel, shopping, dining, entertainment and everyday needs.
Citi® Cards with Apple Pay®

is another way Citi provides quick and easy payments. With a simple touch you can pay in-app or at over 200,000 stores with the iPhone®6, or in-app with the iPad Air® 2 and iPad miniTM 3. Plus, you'll still enjoy all of the benefits that come with your Citi card when you use Apple Pay to check out. Learn more at Citi.com/ApplePay

Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Pay, iPhone and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.Apply NowCertain terms and conditions apply. Coverage details will be provided upon card membership or you can visit
www.cardbenefits.citi.com.
1Pricing & Information 2Additional Information