UDAP T&C
   
 
 CITI DISCLOSURES
 
  
 
 Interest Rates and Interest Charges
 
  
 
 Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
  17.24%.  
 This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a 
 
 
 
 
 APR for Balance Transfers 17.24%. Balance transfers must be completed within 2 months from date of account opening.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a 
 
 
 
 
 APR for Cash Advances 27.24%
 
 
 This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b 
 
 
 
 
 Penalty APR and When it Applies Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness. 
 This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c
  
 This APR may be applied to your account if you: 
 (1) Make a late payment or (2) Make a payment that is returned.
 
 
 
 How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.
 
 
 
 
 How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.  
 
 
 
  
 Minimum Interest Charge
  
 If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than 50 cents.  
 
 
 
 
 For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
 
 http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
 
  
 
 
    
 
 Fees  
 
 Annual Fee 
  
 No annual fee for this credit card with your paid Costco Membership. 
 
 
 
 
 Transaction Fees 
 
 
 
•
 
 Balance Transfer
  
 Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
 
  
 
•
 
 Cash Advance
 
 Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. 
 
 
•
 
 Foreign Purchase Transaction
  
 None.
 
 
 
 
 
 Penalty Fees 
 
 
 
 • Late Payment
  Up to $37
 
 
•
 
 Returned Payment 
 Up to $37
    
 
 	
		
		 How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new transactions)."
		
		Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you make a late payment.
		
		 For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit card rates, fees and grace periods.
		
		Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your minimum payment due to lower APR balances first. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest APR balance first.
		
		
		 
		
		Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 5.25% Prime Rate.		 
		
		
			
				
				 
	 
		a We add 11.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR. 
	 
	
 		
				
							
			
				
				
					b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. 
				
							
			
				
				
					c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. 
				
							
			
				
				Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.
							
				
			
 
		
		
						 
			
			
			
			
	Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi Terms & Conditions
	This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a separate account.
Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.
			
		By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi account (the "Card Account") to you and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all information provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate.
The Card Account is governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.
		
Costco Membership
The Card Account is only available if you have a current Costco membership in your name. We may cancel your Card Account and participation in the Costco Cash Rewards Program if you do not maintain your Costco membership. You must maintain your Costco membership to redeem Costco Cash Rewards earned with the Card Account. Each authorized user must also have a Costco membership in his or her name.
Auto Bill of Costco Membership FeeIf you are the Primary Member on your Costco membership and your application is approved, your Costco membership fee will automatically renew and be charged to your Costco Anywhere Visa Card annually on the first day of your renewal month until you choose a different form of payment or cancel your Costco membership, and will qualify toward your annual credit card reward certificate. Membership fees will be charged based on your membership level ($60/yr for Gold Star and Business Members, plus a $60/yr upgrade fee for Executive Members) and $60/yr for each Affiliate Business Member, if any, plus applicable taxes. If you wish to pay your Costco membership fee with a different form of payment or cancel your Costco membership, please visit the Costco Membership Counter or call Costco at 1-800-774-2678, at least 48 hours prior to the first day of your renewal month. Visit Costco.comCostco.com for more information about Costco's membership terms.
Identity VerificationIMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any authorized user you add to your account.	Credit Reports
	
		You authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, 
		for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, 
		credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and services 
		and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we requested a credit bureau report and the 
		names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information 
		about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.
 
	Credit Information
To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.
 
Your credit limit will be determined based on the following:
Your annual salary and wages
Any other annual income
 