Earn ThankYou Points redeemable for great rewards with the AT&T Access Card
 

1Pricing & Information



AT&T Access Card from Citi


Apply Now

Apply by Phone:  >



Earn ThankYou Points redeemable for great rewards with the AT&T Access Card


AT&T Access Card from Citi

Apply Now

Apply by Phone:  >



Get rewarded for purchases you're already making with the AT&T Access Card, a top rewards credit card from Citi. Apply for the AT&T credit card today and start earning ThankYou® Points redeemable for gift cards, travel rewards electronics and much more.
Earn 2 Points for every $1 you spend on purchases made online at eligible retail and travel websites.2
Earn 2 Points for every $1 you spend on products and services purchased directly from AT&T. You earn 2X points on AT&T purchases like a new tablet or accessories for your phone.2
Earn 1 Point for every $1 you spend on other purchases. You also earn points with this AT&T credit card for pumping gas, buying groceries or making any other purchase with your card.2
No Annual Fee1.
Purchase Rate: % - % variable APR based on your creditworthiness.1Rewards
Earn 2 Points for every $1 you spend on purchases made online at eligible retail and travel websites.2
Earn 2 Points for every $1 you spend on products and services purchased directly from AT&T. You earn 2X points on AT&T purchases like a new tablet or accessories for your phone.2
Earn 1 Point for every $1 you spend on other purchases. You also earn points with this AT&T credit card for pumping gas, buying groceries or making any other purchase with your card.2Rewards Program Details
Redeem your points for exciting rewards like gift cards, travel rewards, electronics and more.
Redeem your Points for almost anything. You can browse our huge rewards network at citi.com/att. Choose “rewards home” in the drop-down menu to view and redeem your rewards.2
Enjoy two simple ways to redeem your points for the rewards you want.
You can either visit thankyou.com where your rewards are just a few clicks away, or you can redeem points by calling 1–800–THANKYOU (1–800–842–6596).Benefits You Deserve
Citi® Private Pass®
Citi customers enjoy special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events annually, including presale tickets and VIP packages to concerts, sporting events, dining experiences, plus complimentary movie screenings and more, at citiprivatepass.com
APPLY NOWTravel Protection
EMV Chip Technology
Enjoy global acceptance and enhanced security when you use your credit card at merchants that use chip enabled terminals to accept your payment.Purchase Protection
$0 Liability on Unauthorized Charges
You're completely protected against unauthorized charges on your account. At Citi, you will not be responsible for a charge that you did not authorize, online or otherwise.
APPLY NOWConvenience
Citi® Concierge
Citi® Concierge helps you save valuable time with a staff of specially-trained experts who are ready to assist you with your travel, shopping, dining, entertainment and everyday needs.
Choose your Payment Due Date
Choose to pay your bill on any available due date in the beginning, middle or end of the month. Enjoy the flexibility of paying your full balance or just the minimum payment due each month.
Citi® Cards with Apple Pay®
is another way Citi provides quick and easy payments. With a simple touch you can pay in-app or at over 200,000 stores with the iPhone®6, or in-app with the iPad Air® 2 and iPad miniTM 3. Plus, you'll still enjoy all of the benefits that come with your Citi card when you use Apple Pay to check out. Learn more at Citi.com/ApplePay

Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Pay, iPhone and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.