Discover One of Citi's Best Cash Back Rewards Cards Designed Exclusively for Costco Members
GO BIG WITH CASH BACK REWARDS 4% on eligible gas, including gas at Costco for the first $7,000 per year and then 1% thereafter3% on restaurants and eligible travel purchase worldwide2% on all other purchases from Costco and Costco.com1% on all other purchases
*Pricing Details
Costco Anywhere Visa®Card by Citi
[RATE_DESCRIBE]
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-259-3052
TTY: Use 711 or other Relay Service
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-259-3052
TTY: Use 711 or other Relay Service
Costco Anywhere Visa®Card by Citi
Make every day more rewarding with the Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi. Earn up to 4% in cash back rewards on eligible purchases anywhere Visa is accepted. A Costco membership is required to apply. Join Costco
            today.
No matter where life takes you, experience no foreign transaction fees on purchases.*
Plus, there's no annual fee with your paid Costco membership.*
Rewards
4%
CASH BACK ON ELIGIBLEGAS WORLDWIDE,INCLUDING GAS AT COSTCO,
for the first $7,000 per year and then 1% thereafter
3%
CASH BACK ON RESTAURANT ANDELIGIBLE TRAVEL PURCHASES WORLDWIDE
2%
CASH BACK ON ALLOTHER PURCHASESFROM COSTCO ANDCOSTCO.COM
1%
CASH BACK ON ALL OTHER PURCHASES
Rewards Program Details
Rewards Program Details
Earn Cash Back RewardsMake every day more rewarding by earning Costco cash back rewards on every purchase anywhere Visa® is accepted.
              
Use the Costco Anywhere Visa card as your Costco membership ID.Need a Costco membership? Join Costco.
              
Redeeming Costco Cash RewardsCash back will be provided as an annual credit card reward certificate once your February billing statement closes, and is redeemable for cash or merchandise at U.S. Costco Warehouses.
              
Purchase Protection
Purchase Protection
Damage & Theft Purchase ProtectionShop with more confidence — Damage & Theft Purchase Protection may cover you for repairs or a refund if purchases made with your Citi card are damaged or stolen within 120 days of purchase (90 days for New York residents).
              
Extended WarrantyExtends the manufacturer’s warranty so you can feel more confident when you make purchases with your Citi card.
              
Other Citi® Benefits
Citi Entertainment®
Citi Entertainment takes the once out of once in a lifetime. Get special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events, including presale tickets and exclusive experiences for the year's most anticipated concerts, sporting events, dining experiences and more.
                 
*Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi Pricing Details
The standard variable APR for purchases is 15.24% and also applies to balance transfers and Citi Flex Plan. The standard variable APR for cash advances is 25.24%. Variable penalty APR is up to 29.99% and applies if you pay late or your payment is returned. Minimum interest charge $0.50. Fee for foreign purchases — None. Cash advance fee either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee either  $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer whichever is greater. No annual fee with paid Costco membership. New card members only. Additional terms and conditions apply. You will be given further information when you apply.
Certain terms and conditions apply.
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
What others are saying about this card:Please note that the terms and benefits of this product may change over time.
Citi does not guarantee the accuracy of these reviews. Benefits, fees, terms, and offers mentioned in reviews may change over time.
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-259-3052
TTY: Use 711 or other Relay Service
Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi F A Q s
Expand all sections
Is the Costco Anywhere Card a Visa® or Mastercard®? 
The Costco Anywhere Card is a Visa® credit card. Earn cash back rewards on every purchase anywhere Visa® is accepted.Learn more and apply online now for the Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi.
What are some of the benefits that comes with the Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi?
The Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi provides cardmembers with some of the following benefits:No matter where you’re traveling, you’ll enjoy no foreign transaction fees on purchases1You’ll earn 4% cash back rewards on eligible gas worldwide, including gas at Costco, for the first $7,000 per year and then 1% thereafterYou can also earn 3% cash back rewards on restaurants and eligible travel, 2% cash back on all other purchases from Costco and Costco.com, and 1% on all other purchases
Can anyone apply for the Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi?
The Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi is exclusively for Costco members. If you do not already have a Costco membership, you can purchase one at Costco.com, prior to applying for the credit card.
Does the Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi offer cash back?
Yes. Earn Costco cash back rewards anywhere Visa® is accepted, with the Costco Anywhere Visa® Card. Earn 4% cash back rewards on eligible gas for the first $7,000 per year, and then 1% thereafter. Earn 3% on restaurants and eligible travel. Earn 2% on all other purchases from Costco and Costco.com. Earn 1% on all other purchases.
Read more Costco Anywhere Visa® Card by Citi F A Q s
1Pricing & Information
