An Airline Miles Credit Card with AAdvantage® Elite Travel Rewards
 
Annual Fee: $1


1Pricing & Information



Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard®


Apply Now

Apply by Phone:  >



An Airline Miles Credit Card with AAdvantage® Elite Travel Rewards


Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard®

Apply Now

Apply by Phone:  >



The Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive card is one of Citi's best travel credit cards for flights on American Airlines. Earn American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles and AAdvantage® elite travel benefits with the only airline miles credit card to offer Admirals Club® membership. Start exploring the world with this exciting travel rewards credit card from Citi.
American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles are not available if you have received a new account bonus for a Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive account in the past 48 months.
Admirals Club® membership including access to more than 50 lounge locations worldwide. Up to two guests or immediate family (spouse, domestic partner and/or children under 18 years of age) may accompany the member.2
Purchase Rate % – % variable APR based on your creditworthiness1Exceptional Travel Benefits
Receive a statement credit, up to $100 every 5 years, as reimbursement for your application fee for Global Entry or TSA Pre√ ®.
Enhanced Airport Experience
Enjoy priority check-in, priority airport screening (where available) and boarding privileges for you and up to eight travel companions on the same reservation.
No Foreign Transaction Fees
on purchases.1Rewards Program Details
Earn 2 AAdvantage® miles for every $1 spent
on eligible American Airlines purchases2 and 1 AAdvantage® mile for every $1 spent on other purchases.2
You will earn 10,000 AAdvantage® Elite Qualifying Miles (EQMs) after you spend $40,000 in purchases within the year.2
25% Savings
on inflight food and beverage purchases when you use your card on American Airlines flights.2
APPLY NOWPurchase Protection
$0 Liability on Unauthorized Charges
You're completely protected against unauthorized charges on your account. At Citi, you will not be responsible for a charge that you did not authorize, online or otherwise.Convenience
Digital Wallets
Digital Wallets let you shop with confidence in millions of places online, within apps and in stores. With digital wallets you can speed through checkout and continue to enjoy all the great benefits that come with your card. Learn how to get started and how digital wallets can help protect your card information at citi.com/digitalservices.
Dedicated Concierge
With Dedicated Concierge, you’ll have access to a staff of experts for help with your foreign and domestic travel, shopping, dining, household, and entertainment needs.
Tap Your Card With Contactless Pay
Shop safely with a contactless-chip enabled card. Just tap your card on the payment reader and go in seconds.
APPLY NOW