UDAP T&amp;CCITI DISCLOSURESInterest Rates and Interest Charges                 
           Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                         16
.74%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.aAPR for Cash A
dvances23.49%This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.bPenalty
 APR and When it AppliesUp to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.This APR wi
ll vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.cThis APR may be applied to your
 account if you: (1) Make a late payment or (2) Make a payment that is returned.
 How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of t
hese reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.How to Avoid Paying Interes
t on PurchasesYour due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing 
cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire b
alance by the due date each month. Minimum Interest ChargeIf you are charged int
erest, the charge will be no less than 50 cents.Fees    Annual Fee  No annual fe
e for this credit card with your paid Costco Membership.    Transaction Fees •Ca
sh AdvanceEither $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is grea
ter.•Foreign Purchase TransactionNone.    Penalty Fees •Late PaymentUp to $37•Re
turned PaymentUp to $37 How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method call
ed "daily balance (including new transactions)."Payment Allocation: We may apply
 the portion of your payments up to your minimum payment due to lower APR balanc
es first. Generally, payments above your minimum payment due will be applied to 
your highest APR balance first.Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are acc
urate based on a 4.75% Prime Rate.                              a We add 11.99% 
to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase APR.                                
             b We add 18.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances AP
R. c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. Variabl
e rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.                                             
                                                           Costco Anywhere Visa®
 Business Card by Citi Terms &amp; Conditions                        This offer 
is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. Citibank, 
N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Ple
ase allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account applicati
on.                By submitting this application, you request on behalf of your
self and the business referenced in this application (the "Business"), that Citi
bank, N.A. ("Citibank") establish a Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi 
account (the "Card Account") on behalf of you and the Business and issue a Costc
o Anywhere Visa Business Card by Citi ("Card") accessing such Card Account to yo
u and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all information p
rovided in this application must be verifiable and accurate. Both you and the Bu
siness shall be liable individually and jointly for all charges and balances on 
the Card Account. The Card Account and Cards(s) are to be used for business purp
oses only and governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") pro
vided when the Card Account is issued. The Card Agreement and its terms may be a
mended from time to time.                                        Costco Membersh
ip                            The Card Account is only available if you have a c
urrent Costco membership in your name. We may cancel your Card Account and parti
cipation in the Costco Cash Rewards Program if you do not maintain your Costco m
embership. You must maintain your Costco membership to redeem Costco Cash Reward
s earned with the Card Account. Each authorized user must also have a Costco mem
bership in his or her name.                    Auto Bill of Costco Membership Fe
e                            If you are the Primary Member on your Costco member
ship and your application is approved, your Costco membership fee will automatic
ally renew and be charged to your Costco Anywhere Visa Card annually on the firs
t day of your renewal month until you choose a different form of payment or canc
el your Costco membership, and will qualify toward your annual credit card rewar
d certificate. Membership fees will be charged based on your membership level ($
60/yr for Gold Star and Business Members, plus a $60/yr upgrade fee for Executiv
e Members) and $60/yr for each Affiliate Business Member, if any, plus applicabl
e taxes. If you wish to pay your Costco membership fee with a different form of 
payment or cancel your Costco membership, please visit the Costco Membership Cou
nter or call Costco at 1-800-774-2678, before the first day of your renewal mont
h. Visit Costco.com for more information about Costco's membership terms.       
     Identity Verification                            IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOU
T PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the fundin
g of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financi
al institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each p
erson who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, 
date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you
 open an account.  In addition, the bank must obtain the business' legal name, i
ts street address, and its taxpayer identification number. We may also ask to se
e your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identificatio
n information about you or any employees you add to your account.               
 Credit Reports            You authorize us to get credit reports and other info
rmation about you and the Business from credit reporting  agencies and other sou
rces, for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, ver
ifying your identity and that of the Business, administering, reviewing and rene
wing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection and other 
servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and services and for 
any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we
 requested credit bureau reports and the names and addresses of any credit burea
us that provided us with such reports.  From time to time, we may report Card Ac
count information to credit reporting agencies.      Credit InformationIf you ar
e approved for a Card Account, a specific revolving credit line will be assigned
 based upon your credit report and/or the credit report of the Business and othe
r information we may request. If you receive your Card and want to request a hig
her revolving credit line than issued, contact us. You understand that we may re
quire that you submit additional documentation, such as the Business's financial
 statements, in order to process your request for a credit line increase. The Au
thorized Officer must be 18 years of age or older.   Card Agreement             
               If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agr
eement before you can use your Card Account.                 The terms of the Ca
rd Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not
 use your Card Account,                 the Card Agreement will take effect if y
ou do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agr
eement.                 We have the right to make changes to the terms of your C
ard Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.   
         Information SharingBy applying for the Card Account, you agree to allow
 Costco to send membership information and spending information, such as your an
nual spending at Costco and various Costco transaction amounts over the past 12 
months, to Citi. By completing this application, you also authorize Citi to shar
e with Costco the contact information you provided to us on the application as w
ell as experiential and transactional information regarding your activity with C
iti.Special Notices                            Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohi
o laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally ava
ilable to all                 creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting 
agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.    
             The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this l
aw.                                        Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No mar
ital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects
 our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court ord
er before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before y
our account is opened. Important Information About Adding An Authorized User    
        Before adding an authorized user to your Card Account you should know:  
                          You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to 
the Card Account by the authorized user.                Authorized users have ac
cess to your Card Account information.                                     If we
 ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain their permission
 to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applica
ble law.                        Costco Cash Rewards Program Terms               
              Your Card Account will earn Costco Cash Rewards based on your purc
hases that can be redeemed for merchandise or cash back at any U.S. Costco wareh
ouse, including Puerto Rico ("Costco Cash Rewards").                            
 Earning Costco Cash Rewards on Purchases: You'll earn Costco Cash Rewards for p
urchases using your Card Account, minus returns and refunds, as follows:        
                    4% cash back on eligible gas worldwide, including gas at  Co
stco, for the first $7,000 per year in gas purchases and then 1% thereafter.    
                                        Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases. You wi
ll only earn 1% cash back, not 4%, for gas purchased at superstores, supermarket
s, convenience stores and warehouse clubs other than Costco or for fuel used for
 non-automobile purposes.                                                       
                 3% cash back on restaurant (including cafes, bars, lounges  and
 fast food restaurants) and eligible travel purchases worldwide, including airfa
re, hotels, car rentals, travel  agencies, cruise lines and Costco Travel.      
                                      Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases. You will
 only earn 1%, not 3%, for purchases made at bakeries and certain restaurants/ca
fes inside department stores, grocery or warehouse clubs.                       
                                                 2% cash back on all other purch
ases from Costco and Costco.com.                                                
    1% cash back on all other purchases, including the non-qualifying purchases 
listed above.                                        Merchant Classification: Ea
ch merchant - that is a retailer, business or any other place where you can make
 a purchase - is assigned a code that indicates the merchant's area of business.
 For example, restaurants are generally assigned a specific merchant code. We do
n't assign or have any control over merchant codes. Codes are chosen and assigne
d by a third party, who may change the codes from time to time. When you make a 
purchase at a merchant, we're provided the code for that merchant. If the code m
atches a category that gives you additional Costco Cash Rewards - for example, i
f the merchant code tells us that you made a purchase at a restaurant - we'll gi
ve you the additional Costco Cash Rewards for that purchase. Because we don't co
ntrol what code a merchant is assigned, sometimes a purchase that you think fits
 a certain category may not earn additional Costco Cash Rewards. For example, a 
restaurant located within a large retail outlet may not be assigned a "restauran
t" code, but rather a "retailer" code. This means that even though you receive a
dditional Costco Cash Rewards for purchases at "restaurants," you won't earn add
itional Costco Cash Rewards for purchases at that restaurant.            What do
esn't qualify as a purchase?: The following types of transactions don't qualify 
as purchases that earn Costco Cash Rewards:                            Use of ch
ecks that access your Card Account                Balance transfers             
   Cash advances                                    Travelers checks, foreign cu
rrency purchases, money orders, wire transfers and similar cash-like transaction
s                                Lottery tickets, gaming chips and similar betti
ng transactions                Interest and account fees                Unauthor
ized charges                Items returned for credit                        Ret
urns: Returned items may result in credits being applied to your Card Account wh
ich will reduce or may eliminate accumulated Costco Cash Rewards and may result 
in a negative cash rewards balance. If your Card Account has a negative Costco C
ash Rewards balance, any newly earned Costco Cash Rewards will be used to offset
 such negative Costco Cash Rewards balance until such balance has been brought t
o zero.            You must maintain your Costco Membership to receive and redee
m your Costco Cash Rewards.            Redeeming Costco Cash Rewards: Your rewar
d is distributed annually, in the form of a credit card reward certificate, once
 your February billing statement closes, and is redeemable through December 31 o
f the year issued in a single transaction at any U.S. Costco warehouse, includin
g in Puerto Rico, for merchandise or cash back. The credit card reward certifica
te will contain your Costco Cash Rewards balance based on your eligible purchase
s during the annual reward period. The annual reward period is based on January 
through December billing statements. Should you choose to redeem only a portion 
of the certificate for merchandise, you will receive the remaining balance in ca
sh at the Costco warehouse register upon checkout. Some warehouses may not permi
t the credit card reward certificate to be redeemed for alcohol purchases. Reque
sts for cash may be fulfilled in the form of a check at  Costco's  discretion. Y
our credit card reward certificate must be redeemed in person on or prior to its
 expiration date of December 31 in the year in which it is issued. Any Costco Ca
sh Rewards you have earned on purchases made by authorized users on your Card Ac
count will be added to your Costco Cash Rewards total. Only you, the authorized 
officer, are eligible to receive the annual credit card reward certificate; howe
ver, you or anyone you authorize may redeem the certificate. You will not receiv
e a credit card reward certificate if your reward is less than $1 or your accoun
t is closed at the time your credit card reward certificate is scheduled to be s
ent; any Costco Cash Rewards that had been accrued at that time will be forfeite
d. You must maintain your Costco Membership to redeem your  credit card reward c
ertificate.            Account Closure: If we close your Card Account, you will 
no longer be able to earn Costco Cash Rewards, and you will forfeit any Costco C
ash Rewards accumulated, but not yet distributed. If you close or convert your C
ard Account prior to receiving the credit card reward certificate in your Februa
ry billing statement, any earned Costco Cash Rewards will be forfeited.         
   Forfeiture: All Costco Cash Rewards not disbursed via an annual credit card r
eward certificate due to the reward amount being less than $1, the account statu
s (including account closure), or other reasons, will be forfeited. Additionally
, any Costco Cash Rewards not redeemed by December 31 of the year of issuance of
 the credit card reward certificate will be forfeited.            Value of Costc
o Cash Rewards: Costco Cash Rewards have no cash value until such time as they a
re redeemed at a Costco warehouse.            Property Rights: You have no prope
rty rights or other legal interests in Costco Cash Rewards. Costco Cash Rewards 
may not be transferred to any other person including through such events as inhe
ritance, bankruptcy or divorce. Costco Cash Rewards cannot be assigned or pledge
d.            Changes to Program Rules: We may make changes to the Costco Cash R
ewards Program at any time without notice. We will give you 30 days' written not
ice if we make any of the following changes: a change that negatively affects th
e number of Costco Cash Rewards you can earn, a change that negatively affects h
ow/when you may lose your Costco Cash Rewards, a change that negatively affects 
how you can exercise your rights with respect to Costco Cash Rewards, or if we c
ancel the program.            Fraud: If we see evidence of fraud, misuse, abuse,
 or suspicious activity, we will investigate and, if we determine that fraud, mi
suse or abuse has occurred, we may take actions against you. These actions may i
nclude, without limitation:                            Taking away the Costco Ca
sh Rewards you earned because of fraud, misuse or abuse                Preventin
g you from earning Costco Cash Rewards                Suspending or closing your
 Costco Cash Rewards Account                Taking legal action to recover Costc
o Cash Rewards redeemed because of such activity and to recover our monetary los
ses, including litigation costs and damages                        Some examples
 of fraud, misuse, abuse and suspicious activity include:                       
                     Using your Card Account in an abusive manner for the primar
y purpose of acquiring Costco Cash Rewards                 Using your Consumer C
ard Account other than primarily for personal, consumer or household purposes   
                                                       Close