Earn 50,000 Bonus Points After  making $4,000 in purchases with your card within the first 3 months of account opening.*
*Pricing Details
*Pricing Details



                                        Bonus ThankYou® Points are not available if you received a new cardmember bonus for Citi Rewards+SM, Citi ThankYou® Preferred, Citi ThankYou® Premier/Citi PremierSM or Citi Prestige®, or if you have closed any of these cards, in the past 24 months.
                                    





Citi Premier Card




4.3Rated 4.3 out of 5 stars1868 ReviewsWrite a Review83% of respondents would recommend this to a friend{"@context":"http://schema.org/","@type":"AggregateRating","ratingValue":4.3,"reviewCount":1868,"itemReviewed":{"@type":"Product","@id":"102040-089-en_US"}}

Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 1-800-479-0141

TTY: Use Relay Service







Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 1-800-479-0141

TTY: Use Relay Service

Citi Premier Card






                                        Bonus ThankYou Points are not available if you received a new cardmember bonus for Citi Rewards+℠, Citi ThankYou® Preferred, Citi ThankYou® Premier/Citi Premier℠ or Citi Prestige®, or if you have closed any of these cards, in the past 24 months.
                                    



Turn Today's Journey Into Tomorrow's Adventure
Embark on your next journey with the Citi PremierSM Credit Card. Get rewarded for everyday travel purchases, including gas stations, commuting, flights, and more. Also earn ThankYou® Points on all other purchases, including dining and entertainment. With the Citi PremierSM Card, points do not expire and can be redeemed for almost anything!
• 3X Points on Travel including Gas Stations2
• 2X Points at Restaurants and on Entertainment2
• 1X Points on All Other Purchases2
Redeem for $625 in airfare on any airline, anytime with no blackout dates when booked through the ThankYou® Travel Center.
No foreign transaction fees on purchases*
Purchase Rate:

16.74% - 25.74% variable APR based on your creditworthiness*
Balance Transfer Rate:

16.74% - 25.74%, based on your creditworthiness*
Balance Transfer Fee:

Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater*
Annual Fee

$95 (Fee waived for the first 12 months)*
 Rewards
3X POINTS
Travel Including
Gas Stations
Earn 3 points per $1 spent on travel including gas stations, as well as airfare, hotels, car rental agencies, public transportation, tolls, parking and much more.
2X POINTS
Restaurants and
Entertainment
Earn 2 points per $1 spent dining at restaurants and on entertainment, from lunch at a cafe to bars and lounges, as well as sporting events, movie theaters, concerts and more.
1X POINTS
All Other
Purchases
Earn 1 point per $1 spent on all other purchases, from supermarkets and drug stores to monthly memberships and bills.Travel Perks
Points are Worth 25% More on Airfare 50,000 points are redeemable for $625 in airfare
on any airline, anytime with no blackout dates when booked at thankyou.com If you don't have enough points to cover all of your airfare, you can also use a combination of points and your Citi PremierSM Card.
EMV Chip Technology

Enjoy global acceptance and enhanced security when you use your credit card at merchants that use chip enabled terminals to accept your payment.
Points Transfer

Transfer ThankYou® Points to participating airline loyalty programs including TrueBlue®, Virgin Atlantic Flying Club and Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer, to get flights faster. There is no fee, and the minimum transfer is only 1,000 points.Redeeming ThankYou® Points
Gift Cards

Treat yourself to just about anything. Choose from a large selection of gift cards including department and home stores as well as restaurants. 50,000 ThankYou® Points are redeemable for $500 in gift cards.
Shop with Points

Use ThankYou® Points to shop online at Amazon.com or BestBuy.com.
Select & Credit

Use your points to cover a variety of eligible purchases in select categories with statement credits.Other Citi® Benefits
Citi® Private Pass®

Enjoy special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events annually, including presale tickets and VIP packages to concerts, sporting events, dining experiences, plus complimentary movie screenings and more, at citiprivatepass.com.Convenience
Digital Wallets

Digital wallets are a fast and easy way to pay online and on the go. Simply add your Citi® card to a digital wallet of your choice and start speeding through checkout. Plus you’ll enjoy all the great benefits that come with your card. Learn more how digital wallets can help protect your card information.
Citi® Concierge

Citi® Concierge helps you save valuable time with a staff of specially-trained experts who are ready to assist you with your travel, shopping, dining, entertainment and everyday needs.
Additional Cards

Add an authorized user to your account at no additional cost and earn points faster. After all, the benefits of this card are so amazing they're worth sharing.CITI PREMIER PRICING DETAILS
*The standard variable APR for purchases and balance transfers for the Citi PremierSM Card is 16.74% - 25.74% based on your creditworthiness. Balance transfers must be completed within 2 months of account opening. The standard variable APR for cash advances is 27.49%. The variable penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. Minimum interest charge – $0.50. Annual fee - $95 for each primary cardholder. However, the annual fee is waived for the first 12 months. Fee for foreign purchases - None. Cash advance fee - either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee – either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. New cardmembers only. Subject to credit approval. Additional limitations, terms and conditions apply. You will be given further information when you apply.
Certain terms and conditions apply.
1Pricing & Information 2Additional InformationReviews

What others are saying about this card:
Please note that the terms and benefits of this product may change over time.
Displaying Reviews
Sort by:
Most Recent
Lowest Rated
Highest Rated
Oldest
5
What's in My Wallet?
Submitted 5 months ago
By StormBorn
The Premier card is my card of choice and fulfills my needs.
5
Help
Submitted 8 months ago
By Jax
Love my Citi
5
Citi CC
Submitted 8 months ago
By Ben
NA
5
My plastic peso
Submitted 8 months ago
By Bill
Good card, also use the Costo card
5
citi
Submitted 8 months ago
By Ronni
We were very impressed when Citi called us to let us know that someone tried to make an unauthorized purchase using our card, They caught it immediately, and we appreciate that. They promptly sent us new cards.
5
Love this card and the customer service
Submitted 8 months ago
By Ken
I've been a customer for 20+ years.
2
not very happy
Submitted 8 months ago
By ?
Last winter the pipes burst at my business. insurance did not cover it all. I called citi customer service desperate for help. Customer service could care less. I know I have a big balance with citi but I have been with citi for years .Last week I called to see if I could charge a lawyers fee on my credit card as I am selling my business another rude rep. As soon as I can I will no longer be with citi .I do not know what happened to the reps of years past!!! As you can see I am always on time with my payments!!!
1
Dissatisfied
Submitted 8 months ago
By l
I booked a flight recently and had to change my plans. You're change fees were ridiculous you charged me half my points and then issued a credit to an airline I rarely used. I will be changing cards soon. The other times I have tried to use the card for hotel stays the rates were double what I would have payed if I would not have used the points.
5
Satisfied Overall
Submitted 8 months ago
By Jack
I can't really complain about this card. Or I'm good managing my money:p but overall I'm very satisfied with this card.
5
Im a happy customer, complete satisfaction
Submitted 8 months ago
By Sandy
I love this card. I get to use it everywhere I go
Displaying Reviews 1-10
Back to Top
Next »
Citi does not guarantee the accuracy of these reviews. Benefits, fees, terms, and offers mentioned in reviews may change over time.Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-479-0141
TTY: Use Relay Service