UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  17.24% to 25.24%, based on you
r creditworthiness.                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                              These APRs will vary with the mark
et based on the Prime Rate.a                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                      APR for Balance Transfers                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                        17.24% to 25.24%, based on your creditworthiness, for tr
ansfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              APR for Cash Advan
ces                                                                             
                                                                                
                                                            26.74%              
                                                                                
                                                     This APR will vary with the
 market based on the Prime Rate.b                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           Penalty APR and When it Applies                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  This APR will vary with the ma
rket based on the Prime Rate.c                                                  
                                                                                
                 This APR may be applied to your account if you:                
                                                                                
                                                    (1) Make a late payment or (
2) Make a payment that is returned.                                             
                                                                                
                       How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are inc
reased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          How to
 Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
             Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing c
ycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire ba
lance by the due date each month.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    Minimum Interest Charge                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  If you are charged interest, t
he charge will be no less than 50 cents.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
             For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   To learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at                                                           
               http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                    Fees        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Fee                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
              $450                                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                Transaction Fees                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                      •                                         
                                                                                
                   Balance Transfer                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                          Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whiche
ver is greater.                                                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           •                                                    
                                                                                
        Cash Advance                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
    Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                         •                                      
                                                                                
                      Foreign Purchase Transaction                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                         None                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                 Penalty Fees                                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                          •                                     
                                                                                
                                            Late Payment                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                          Up to $35                                             
                                                                                
                                                                       •        
                                                                                
                                                    Returned Payment            
                                                                                
                                                                                
          Up to $35                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                          How We Will Calculate 
Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current transacti
ons)."  Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the
 Penalty APR if you make a late payment.   For more information call Citibank at
 1-877-625-6382. New York residents may contact the New York State Department of
 Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative informat
ion on credit card rates, fees and grace periods.  Payment Allocation: We may ap
ply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR bal
ances first, including transferred balances. Generally, payments above your Mini
mum Payment Due will be applied to your highest rate balance first. Prime Rate: 
The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 4.75% Prime Rate.         
                        a We add 12.49% to 20.49% to the Prime Rate to determine
 the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.                                             
b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. c We add u
p to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. Variable rate APRs w
ill not exceed 29.99%.                      Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World 
EliteTM Mastercard® Terms &amp; Conditions                    This offer is vali
d for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married
, you may apply for a separate account.Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi,"
 "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of 
submission to process your Card Account application.By submitting this applicati
on, you request that Citibank, N.A. ("Citibank") establish a Citi® / AAdvantage®
 Executive World EliteTM Mastercard® account (the "Card Account") to you and any
 authorized users you have designated. You agree that all information provided i
n this application must be verifiable and accurate.The Card Account is governed 
by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Acc
ount is issued.                            Identity Verification                
            IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - T
o help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activi
ties, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and rec
ord information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means tha
t we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that 
will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see y
our driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification i
nformation about you or any authorized user you add to your account.            
Credit ReportsYou authorize us to get credit reports and other information about
 you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, for such purposes as: d
etermining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and ren
ewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection and other
 servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and services and for
 any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not w
e requested a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of any credit bur
eaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negati
ve information about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer
 reporting agencies.    Credit Information    To receive a Card Account, you mus
t meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.     Your revolving c
redit limit will be determined based on the following:            Your annual sa
lary and wages        Any other annual income        A review of your debt, incl
uding the debt listed on your credit report        We'll inform you of your revo
lving credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low 
as $5000. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your rev
olving credit limit.       Card Agreement                            If you are 
approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use 
your Card Account.                 The terms of the Card Agreement will take eff
ect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account,   
              the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card
 Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement.                 We
 have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rat
es and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.            Information Shari
ng You authorize us to report to American Airlines, AAdvantage® miles earned wit
h us. You also authorize us to share with American Airlines information you prov
ided to us on the application and experiential and transactional information reg
arding your activity with us.   Special Notices                            Notic
e to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all credi
tors make credit equally available to all                 creditworthy customers
, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each 
individual upon request.                 The Ohio Civil Rights Commission admini
sters compliance with this law.                                        Notice to
 Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or co
urt decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agree
ment, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual kno
wledge of its terms before your account is opened. Important Information About A
dding An Authorized User            Before adding an authorized user to your Car
d Account you should know:                            You're responsible for all
 charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.            
    Authorized users have access to your Card Account information.              
                      Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her kno
w that we may report Card Account performance                     to the credit 
reporting agencies in the authorized user's name.                               
                      If we ask for information about the authorized user, you m
ust obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to sha
re it as allowed by applicable law.            Balance Transfer Information     
                       How to Make Balance Transfers                            
                               After receiving your card, you can call the custo
mer service number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Balance transf
ers are made available at our discretion. All balance transfers are subject to t
he standard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotional rate ap
plies.                                                    If we give you the opt
ion to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days a
fter your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. Durin
g this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling t
he number on the back of your card.                                             
       You may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your balance transfe
r plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available revolving credit l
imit. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount be
cause you may lose your dispute rights. You can't transfer balances from other a
ccounts issued by Citibank, N.A. or its affiliates. To see if your Card Account 
is issued by Citi, go to citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products
 and affiliates.Continue to make payments on your other accounts until you have 
confirmed this balance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the 
amount of the balance transfer directly to that issuer. The available revolving 
credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transf
ers, including fees we approve.                        Things You Should Know Ab
out Your Balance Transfer Offer:   If you transfer a balance with this offer, in
terest will be charged on purchases made with your credit card unless your purch
ases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including
 the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billi
ng period.If you default under your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional 
APR on the balance transfer. Additional Information    Any benefit, reward, serv
ice or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be dis
continued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. C
iti isn't responsible for products and services offered by other companies.Award
 Program InformationAmerican Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantag
e® program and its terms and conditions at any time without notice, and to end t
he AAdvantage® program with six months' notice. Any such changes may affect your
 ability to use the awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless 
specified, AAdvantage® miles earned through this promotion/offer do not count to
ward elite-status qualification or AAdvantage Million Miler℠ status. American Ai
rlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participatin
g companies. For complete details about the AAdvantage® program, visit aa.com/aa
dvantage.American Airlines, AAdvantage, American Eagle, the Flight Symbol logo, 
Admirals Club, AAdvantage Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, Flagship an
d AA Cargo are trademarks of American Airlines, Inc.Mastercard® is a registered 
trademark of Mastercard International, Incorporated.                        Clos
e