One of Citi's Best Business Travel Credit Cards
Earn 65,000 American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles after spending $4,000 in purchases within the first 4 months of account opening.
Annual Fee $99 (Fee waived for the first 12 months)*
*Pricing Details
                                            American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles are not available if you have received a new account bonus for a CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® account in the past 48 months.
                                        
CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® Mastercard®
4Rated 4.02 out of 5 stars263 ReviewsWrite a Review73% of respondents would recommend this to a friend
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-961-5125
TTY: Use Relay Service
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-961-5125
TTY: Use Relay Service
CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® Mastercard®
                                        American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles are not available if you have received a new account bonus for a CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® account in the past 48 months.
                                    
Discover the world with the CitiBusiness®/AAdvantage® Platinum Select® Mastercard®, one of Citi's best business credit cards for travel. Earn double AAdvantage® bonus airline miles on purchases in select business categories. Get the most out of your business journeys - both domestic and abroad - with no foreign transaction fees.* Apply for the CitiBusiness®/AAdvantage® Platinum Select® Mastercard® credit card today to earn travel rewards towards your next business trip.
Earn 65,000 American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles  after spending $4,000 in purchases within the first 4 months of account opening.
No Foreign Transaction Fees on purchases.*
Purchase APR 15.99% - 24.99% variable APR based on your creditworthiness.*
American Airlines Flight Perks
First checked bag free
                                    on domestic itineraries to reduce travel costs and boost your bottom line.
                                    
25% savings on American Airlines inflight Wi-Fi
                                   when you use your card.
                                   
Preferred boarding.
Earn an American Airlines Companion Certificate
                                       for domestic main cabin travel after you spend $30,000 or more in purchases each cardmembership year and cardmembership is renewed. 
Redeeming the certificate costs $99 for the ticketing fee plus $21.60 to $43.20 in government taxes and fees, based on itinerary.
Rewards Program Details
Earn 2 AAdvantage® miles
                                    Earn 2 AAdvantage® miles for every $1 spent on eligible American Airlines purchases.
                                    
Earn 2 AAdvantage® miles
                                  per $1 spent on purchases at telecommunications merchants, cable and satellite providers, car rental merchants and at gas stations.
                                   
Earn 1 AAdvantage® mile
                                        for every $1 spent on other purchases.
                                      
Business Perks
Expand your earning potential
                                    with authorized user cards for your employees and earn AAdvantage® miles for purchases made on each card.
                                    
Personal Business Assistantfor 24/7 help with travel, hotel and dining arrangements.
                                    
Online Account Summaries View monthly billing statements and account summaries online to reduce, streamline and expedite your accounting.
Convenience
Digital Wallets
Digital Wallets let you shop with confidence in millions of places online, within apps and in stores. With digital wallets you can speed through checkout and continue to enjoy all the great benefits that come with your card. Learn how to get started and how digital wallets can help protect your card information at citi.com/digitalservices.
Tap Your Card With Contactless Pay
Shop safely with a contactless-chip enabled card. Just tap your card on the payment reader and go in seconds.
*CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® Mastercard® Pricing Disclosures
The standard variable APR for purchases is 15.99% - 24.99% based on your creditworthiness. The standard variable APR for cash advances is 25.24%. The variable Penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. The annual fee is $99. However, this fee is waived for the first 12 months. Minimum interest charge — $0.50. Fee for Foreign Purchases — None. Cash advance fee — either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
Certain terms and conditions apply.
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
What others are saying about this card:Please note that the terms and benefits of this product may change over time.
Citi does not guarantee the accuracy of these reviews. Benefits, fees, terms, and offers mentioned in reviews may change over time.
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-961-5125
TTY: Use Relay Service
