EMPTY api-answer: No JSON received - is the API down? Check the URL you use in the shortcode!Offer availabilityThis card is not available if the business already has a CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Mastercard® card. Bonus miles are not available if you have had any CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® card opened or closed in the past 24 months.Bonus milesBalance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) are not purchases. American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles typically will appear as a bonus in your AAdvantage® account 8-10 weeks after you have met the purchase requirements. Miles may be earned on purchases made by primary credit cardmember and employee cardmembers. Miles earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account.First checked bag freeFor benefit to apply, the CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® account must be open 7 days prior to air travel, and reservation must include the primary credit cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel. If your credit card account is closed for any reason, these benefits will be cancelled.Eligible CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® primary credit cardmembers may check one bag free of charge when traveling on domestic itineraries marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on itineraries marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airline Corp., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Trans States Airlines, LLC. All flights on the itinerary must be domestic flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by American Airlines or American Eagle. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. For the CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® card, up to four (4) companions traveling with the eligible primary credit cardmember will also get their first checked bag free of charge if they are listed in the same reservation. Benefit does not apply to overweight or oversized bags. This benefit cannot be combined with any existing AAdvantage® elite program benefits, or with First or Business class benefits, including any waiver of baggage charges. Please see aa.com/baggage »  for baggage weight and size restrictions. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.Double miles on American Airlines purchasesEligible American Airlines purchases are items billed by American Airlines as merchant of record booked through American Airlines channels (AA.com, American Airlines reservations, and American Airlines airport and city ticket counters). Products or services that do not qualify are car rentals and hotel reservations (except taxes and charges paid when redeeming miles for car/hotel), purchase of elite status boost or renewal, and AA Cargo℠ products and services. Miles earned will be typically posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.Double miles on purchases in select business categoriesEarn 2 AAdvantage® miles per $1 spent on purchases at certain telecommunications merchants, car rental merchants, cable and satellite providers, and at gas stations. Telecommunications merchants are classified as merchants that sell telecommunications equipment such as telephones, fax machines, pagers, and cellular phones, along with providers of telecommunications services including local and long-distance telephone calls and fax services. Car rental merchants are classified as providers of short-term or long-term rentals of cars, trucks, or vans. Cable and satellite providers are classified as merchants that provide the connection and ongoing delivery of television, internet (computer network, information services, email website hosting services) telephone and radio programming via cable or satellite on a subscription or fee basis. Gas stations are classified as merchants that sell fuel primarily for consumer use and may or may not be attended.Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases: Car rental purchases not eligible to receive double miles include purchases at merchants that rent motor homes or other recreational vehicles and purchases made through travel agencies, tour operators and online third party travel sites. Gas station purchases not eligible to receive double miles include, but are not limited to, purchases made at warehouse clubs that do not code gas station purchases under a gas station code, discount stores, department stores and convenience stores.Each merchant – e.g., a retailer, business or any other place where you can make a purchase – is assigned a code that indicates the merchant's primary area of business. We don't assign or have any control over merchant codes. Codes are assigned by a third party. When you make a purchase at a merchant, we're provided the code for that merchant and if the code matches a category that gives you additional miles, you will earn the additional miles. Because we don't control what code a merchant is assigned, sometimes a purchase that you think fits a certain category may not earn additional miles. For example, a restaurant located within a large retail outlet may not be assigned a "restaurant" code, but rather a "retailer" code. This means that if you receive additional miles for "purchases at restaurants," you won't earn additional miles for purchases at that restaurant.Citi® reserves the right to determine which purchases qualify for this offer. Miles may be earned on purchases made by primary credit cardmembers and authorized users. Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) account do not earn miles. Miles earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8–10 weeks.1 mile per $1AAdvantage® miles are earned on purchases, except balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions). Miles may be earned on purchases made by primary credit cardmembers and authorized users. Miles earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.Preferred boardingFor benefit to apply, the CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® account must be open 7 days prior to air travel, and reservation must include the primary credit cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel. If your credit card account is closed for any reason, this benefit will be cancelled. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Up to four (4) companions traveling with and listed in the same reservation as the CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® primary credit cardmember are eligible to board at the same time as the primary credit cardmember. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.Eligible CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® credit cardmembers board after Priority boarding is complete, but before the rest of economy boarding. The boarding benefit will display on your American Airlines boarding pass as Group 5. This benefit applies on flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airline Corp., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC.25% savings on eligible inflight purchases of food and beverageCitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® credit cardmembers will receive a 25% savings on inflight purchases of food and beverages on flights operated by American Airlines when purchased with their CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® card. Savings do not apply to any other inflight purchases. This benefit applies to domestic flights marketed and operated by American Airlines or on domestic flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC. This benefit is not available on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Offer is available on eligible flights as long as supplies last. Savings will appear as a statement credit 8-10 weeks after the transaction is posted to the credit cardmember's card account. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.25% savings on inflight Wi-Fi purchasesReceive a 25% savings when you use your CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Platinum® Select credit card for the purchase of inflight Wi-Fi service from American Airline’s Wi-Fi merchants Gogo, Viasat, or Panasonic, and on American Airlines’ Wi-Fi Subscription Plan. This benefit applies to flights marketed and operated by American Airlines or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC. This benefit is not available on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Savings will appear as a statement credit 8-10 weeks after the transaction is posted to the credit cardmember's card account. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.American Airlines Companion CertificateThe primary credit cardmember will earn a $99 domestic economy fare American Airlines Companion Certificate provided that: (1) $30,000 or more in eligible purchases are made with the CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® credit card during the credit cardmembership year (each 12 month period prior to the account anniversary date) and (2) the account remains open for at least 45 days after the anniversary date. After these conditions are met, please allow at least 8-10 weeks for delivery of the Companion Certificate. When used according to its terms, the primary credit cardmember will pay a $99 companion ticket fee plus $21.60 to $43.20 in government taxes and fees, depending on itinerary, for one round trip qualifying domestic economy fare ticket for a companion when an individual round trip qualifying domestic Main Cabin fare ticket is purchased and redeemed through American Airlines Meeting Services. Travel must be booked and purchased in select Main Cabin inventory. The certificate will be valid one year from issue. Valid for travel on flights within the 48 contiguous United States on flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airline Corp., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC. For residents of Alaska and Hawaii, the companion certificate is valid for round-trip travel originating in either of those two states and continuing to the 48 contiguous United States. The Companion Certificate is not redeemable for air travel on any oneworld® carrier or on an American Airlines codeshare flight. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice. Details, terms and conditions, certain restrictions, and restricted dates apply and will be disclosed on the certificate.American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® program and its terms and conditions at any time without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® program with six months’ notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use the awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless specified, AAdvantage® miles earned through this promotion/offer do not count toward elite-status qualification or AAdvantage Million Miler℠ status. American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. For complete details about the AAdvantage® program, visit aa.com/aadvantage ».Travel booked on American Airlines may be American Eagle® service, operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC.American Airlines, American Eagle, AAdvantage, AAdvantage Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, Flagship, Admirals Club, Platinum Pro, AAdvantage MileUp, AA Cargo, the Flight Symbol logo and the Tail Design are marks of American Airlines, Inc.oneworld is a mark of the oneworld Alliance, LLC.Citibank is not responsible for products or services offered by other companies. Cardmember program terms are subject to change.Mastercard and the Mastercard Brand Mark are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.World Elite is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.© 2019 Citibank, N.A. Citi, Citi and Arc Design and other marks used herein are service marks of Citigroup Inc. or its affiliates, used and registered throughout the world.