UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  16.74%.                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
    This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                          APR for Balance Transf
ers                                                                             
                                                                                
                                                            16.74%. Balance tran
sfers must be completed within 2 months from date of account opening.           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                  APR for Cash A
dvances                                                                         
                                                                                
                                                                26.74%          
                                                                                
                                                         This APR will vary with
 the market based on the Prime Rate.b                                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                               Penalty APR and When it Applies                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                       Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthin
ess.                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                      This APR will vary with th
e market based on the Prime Rate.c                                              
                                                                                
                     This APR may be applied to your account if you:            
                                                                                
                                                        (1) Make a late payment 
or (2) Make a payment that is returned.                                         
                                                                                
                           How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are
 increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely. 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                              Ho
w to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billin
g cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire
 balance by the due date each month.                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                      Minimum Interest Charge                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                    If you are charged interest,
 the charge will be no less than 50 cents.                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
               For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Burea
u                                                                               
                                                                                
                                     To learn more about factors to consider whe
n applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financi
al Protection Bureau at                                                         
                 http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                      Fees      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
              Annual Fee                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                No annual fee for this credit card with your paid Costco Members
hip.                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  Transaction Fees                                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                        •                                                       
                                                                                
     Balance Transfer                                                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater
.                                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
             •                                                                  
                                                                          Cash A
dvance                                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                      Either $10
 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           •                                                    
                                                                                
        Foreign Purchase Transaction                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           None.                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
    Penalty Fees                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                             •                                                  
                                                                                
                               Late Payment                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
             Up to $37                                                          
                                                                                
                                                          •                     
                                                                                
                                       Returned Payment                         
                                                                                
                                                                             Up 
to $37                                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                             How We Will Calculate Your Balance:
 We use a method called "daily balance (including new transactions)."  Loss of I
ntroductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if y
ou make a late payment.   For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. 
New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Servic
es at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit car
d rates, fees and grace periods.  Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion o
f your payments up to your minimum payment due to lower APR balances first. Gene
rally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest A
PR balance first. Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based o
n a 4.75% Prime Rate.                                 a We add 11.99% to the Pri
me Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.                         
                    b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Adva
nces APR. c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. 
Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.                      Costco Anywhere 
Visa® Card by Citi Terms &amp; Conditions                    This offer is valid
 for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married,
 you may apply for a separate account.Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," 
"we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of s
ubmission to process your Card Account application.By submitting this applicatio
n, you request that Citibank, N.A. ("Citibank") establish a Costco Anywhere Visa
® Card by Citi account (the "Card Account") to you and any authorized users you 
have designated. You agree that all information provided in this application mus
t be verifiable and accurate.The Card Account is governed by the terms of the ca
rd agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.       
                         Costco Membership                            The Card A
ccount is only available if you have a current Costco membership in your name. W
e may cancel your Card Account and participation in the Costco Cash Rewards Prog
ram if you do not maintain your Costco membership. You must maintain your Costco
 membership to redeem Costco Cash Rewards earned with the Card Account. Each aut
horized user must also have a Costco membership in his or her name.             
       Auto Bill of Costco Membership Fee                            If you are 
the Primary Member on your Costco membership and your application is approved, y
our Costco membership fee will automatically renew and be charged to your Costco
 Anywhere Visa Card annually on the first day of your renewal month until you ch
oose a different form of payment or cancel your Costco membership, and will qual
ify toward your annual credit card reward certificate. Membership fees will be c
harged based on your membership level ($60/yr for Gold Star and Business Members
, plus a $60/yr upgrade fee for Executive Members) and $60/yr for each Affiliate
 Business Member, if any, plus applicable taxes. If you wish to pay your Costco 
membership fee with a different form of payment or cancel your Costco membership
, please visit the Costco Membership Counter or call Costco at 1-800-774-2678, b
efore the first day of your renewal month. Visit Costco.com for more information
 about Costco's membership terms.            Identity Verification              
              IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT -
 To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering acti
vities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and r
ecord information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means t
hat we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information tha
t will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see
 your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification
 information about you or any authorized user you add to your account.          
  Credit ReportsYou authorize us to get credit reports and other information abo
ut you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, for such purposes as:
 determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and r
enewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection and oth
er servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and services and f
or any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not
 we requested a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of any credit b
ureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report nega
tive information about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consum
er reporting agencies.    Credit Information    To receive a Card Account, you m
ust meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.     Your credit li
mit will be determined based on the following:            Your annual salary and
 wages        Any other annual income        A review of your debt, including th
e debt listed on your credit report        We'll inform you of your credit limit
 when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $500. Please no
te that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your credit limit.       Ca
rd Agreement                            If you are approved for a Card Account, 
you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account.           
      The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Ac
count. Even if you do not use your Card Account,                 the Card Agreem
ent will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after
 we send you the Card Agreement.                 We have the right to make chang
es to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance wi
th the Card Agreement.            Information SharingBy applying for the Card Ac
count, you agree to allow Costco to send membership information and spending inf
ormation, such as your annual spending at Costco and various Costco transaction 
amounts over the past 12 months, to Citi. By completing this application, you al
so authorize Citi to share with Costco the contact information you provided to u
s on the application as well as experiential and transactional information regar
ding your activity with Citi.Special Notices                            Notice t
o Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditor
s make credit equally available to all                 creditworthy customers, a
nd that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each ind
ividual upon request.                 The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administe
rs compliance with this law.                                        Notice to Wi
sconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court
 decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreemen
t, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowle
dge of its terms before your account is opened. Important Information About Addi
ng An Authorized User            Before adding an authorized user to your Card A
ccount you should know:                            You're responsible for all ch
arges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.               
 Authorized users have access to your Card Account information.                 
                   Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know t
hat we may report Card Account performance                     to the credit rep
orting agencies in the authorized user's name.                                  
                   If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must
 obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share 
it as allowed by applicable law.            Balance Transfer Information        
                    How to Make Balance Transfers                               
                            After receiving your card, you can call the customer
 service number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Balance transfers
 are made available at our discretion. All balance transfers are subject to the 
standard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotional rate appli
es.                                                    If we give you the option
 to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days afte
r your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During t
his time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the 
number on the back of your card.                                                
    You may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your balance transfer p
lus balance transfer fees must be less than your available credit limit. Be sure
 you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may
 lose your dispute rights. You can't transfer balances from other accounts issue
d by Citibank, N.A. or its affiliates. To see if your Card Account is issued by 
Citi, go to citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliat
es.Continue to make payments on your other accounts until you have confirmed thi
s balance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount of the
 balance transfer directly to that issuer. The available credit limit for your n
ew card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we 
approve.                        Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transf
er Offer:   If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged 
on purchases made with your credit card unless your purchases have a 0% APR or y
ou pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your bal
ance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period.If you defaul
t under your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on the balance tran
sfer.            Costco Cash Rewards Program Terms                             Y
our Card Account will earn Costco Cash Rewards based on your purchases that can 
be redeemed for merchandise or cash back at any U.S. Costco warehouse, including
 Puerto Rico ("Costco Cash Rewards").                             Earning Costco
 Cash Rewards on Purchases: You'll earn Costco Cash Rewards for purchases using 
your Card Account, minus returns and refunds, as follows:                       
     4% cash back on eligible gas worldwide, including gas at  Costco, for the f
irst $7,000 per year in gas purchases and then 1% thereafter.                   
                         Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases. You will only earn 1%
 cash back, not 4%, for gas purchased at superstores, supermarkets, convenience 
stores and warehouse clubs other than Costco or for fuel used for non-automobile
 purposes.                                                                      
  3% cash back on restaurant (including cafes, bars, lounges  and fast food rest
aurants) and eligible travel purchases worldwide, including airfare, hotels, car
 rentals, travel  agencies, cruise lines and Costco Travel.                     
                       Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases. You will only earn 1%, 
not 3%, for purchases made at bakeries and certain restaurants/cafes inside depa
rtment stores, grocery or warehouse clubs.                                      
                                  2% cash back on all other purchases from Costc
o and Costco.com.                                                    1% cash bac
k on all other purchases, including the non-qualifying purchases listed above.  
                                      Merchant Classification: Each merchant - t
hat is a retailer, business or any other place where you can make a purchase - i
s assigned a code that indicates the merchant's area of business. For example, r
estaurants are generally assigned a specific merchant code. We don't assign or h
ave any control over merchant codes. Codes are chosen and assigned by a third pa
rty, who may change the codes from time to time. When you make a purchase at a m
erchant, we're provided the code for that merchant. If the code matches a catego
ry that gives you additional Costco Cash Rewards - for example, if the merchant 
code tells us that you made a purchase at a restaurant - we'll give you the addi
tional Costco Cash Rewards for that purchase. Because we don't control what code
 a merchant is assigned, sometimes a purchase that you think fits a certain cate
gory may not earn additional Costco Cash Rewards. For example, a restaurant loca
ted within a large retail outlet may not be assigned a "restaurant" code, but ra
ther a "retailer" code. This means that even though you receive additional Costc
o Cash Rewards for purchases at "restaurants," you won't earn additional Costco 
Cash Rewards for purchases at that restaurant.            What doesn't qualify a
s a purchase?: The following types of transactions don't qualify as purchases th
at earn Costco Cash Rewards:                            Use of checks that acces
s your Card Account                Balance transfers                Cash advance
s                                    Travelers checks, foreign currency purchase
s, money orders, wire transfers and similar cash-like transactions              
                  Lottery tickets, gaming chips and similar betting transactions
                Interest and account fees                Unauthorized charges   
             Items returned for credit                        Returns: Returned 
items may result in credits being applied to your Card Account which will reduce
 or may eliminate accumulated Costco Cash Rewards and may result in a negative c
ash rewards balance. If your Card Account has a negative Costco Cash Rewards bal
ance, any newly earned Costco Cash Rewards will be used to offset such negative 
Costco Cash Rewards balance until such balance has been brought to zero.        
    You must maintain your Costco Membership to receive and redeem your Costco C
ash Rewards.            Redeeming Costco Cash Rewards: Your reward is distribute
d annually, in the form of a credit card reward certificate, once your February 
billing statement closes, and is redeemable through December 31 of the year issu
ed in a single transaction at any U.S. Costco warehouse, including in Puerto Ric
o, for merchandise or cash back. The credit card reward certificate will contain
 your Costco Cash Rewards balance based on your eligible purchases during the an
nual reward period. The annual reward period is based on January through Decembe
r billing statements. Should you choose to redeem only a portion of the certific
ate for merchandise, you will receive the remaining balance in cash at the Costc
o warehouse register upon checkout. Some warehouses may not permit the credit ca
rd reward certificate to be redeemed for alcohol purchases. Requests for cash ma
y be fulfilled in the form of a check at  Costco's  discretion. Your credit card
 reward certificate must be redeemed in person on or prior to its expiration dat
e of December 31 in the year in which it is issued. Any Costco Cash Rewards you 
have earned on purchases made by authorized users on your Card Account will be a
dded to your Costco Cash Rewards total. Only you, the primary cardmember, are el
igible to receive the annual credit card reward certificate; however, you or any
one you authorize may redeem the certificate. You will not receive a credit card
 reward certificate if your reward is less than $1 or your account is closed at 
the time your credit card reward certificate is scheduled to be sent; any Costco
 Cash Rewards that had been accrued at that time will be forfeited. You must mai
ntain your Costco Membership to redeem your credit card reward certificate.     
       Account Closure: If we close your Card Account, you will no longer be abl
e to earn Costco Cash Rewards, and you will forfeit any Costco Cash Rewards accu
mulated, but not yet distributed. If you close or convert your Card Account prio
r to receiving the credit card reward certificate in your February billing state
ment, any earned Costco Cash Rewards will be forfeited.            Forfeiture: A
ll Costco Cash Rewards not disbursed via an annual credit card reward certificat
e due to the reward amount being less than $1, the account status (including acc
ount closure), or other reasons, will be forfeited. Additionally, any Costco Cas
h Rewards not redeemed by December 31 of the year of issuance of the credit card
 reward certificate will be forfeited.            Value of Costco Cash Rewards: 
Costco Cash Rewards have no cash value until such time as they are redeemed at a
 Costco warehouse.            Property Rights: You have no property rights or ot
her legal interests in Costco Cash Rewards. Costco Cash Rewards may not be trans
ferred to any other person including through such events as inheritance, bankrup
tcy or divorce. Costco Cash Rewards cannot be assigned or pledged.            Ch
anges to Program Rules: We may make changes to the Costco Cash Rewards Program a
t any time without notice. We will give you 30 days' written notice if we make a
ny of the following changes: a change that negatively affects the number of Cost
co Cash Rewards you can earn, a change that negatively affects how/when you may 
lose your Costco Cash Rewards, a change that negatively affects how you can exer
cise your rights with respect to Costco Cash Rewards, or if we cancel the progra
m.            Fraud: If we see evidence of fraud, misuse, abuse, or suspicious a
ctivity, we will investigate and, if we determine that fraud, misuse or abuse ha
s occurred, we may take actions against you. These actions may include, without 
limitation:                            Taking away the Costco Cash Rewards you e
arned because of fraud, misuse or abuse                Preventing you from earni
ng Costco Cash Rewards                Suspending or closing your Costco Cash Rew
ards Account                Taking legal action to recover Costco Cash Rewards r
edeemed because of such activity and to recover our monetary losses, including l
itigation costs and damages                        Some examples of fraud, misus
e, abuse and suspicious activity include:                                       
     Using your Card Account in an abusive manner for the primary purpose of acq
uiring Costco Cash Rewards                 Using your Consumer Card Account othe
r than primarily for personal, consumer or household purposes                   
                                                           Close