Expedia Rewards Credit Card Offers Bonus Points
Earn a $50 statement credit
after your first eligible Expedia purchase greater than $50 within 3 months of account opening Plus, earn 10,000 Expedia Rewards bonus points after $1,000 in spend within 3 months of account opening

1Pricing & Information



Expedia® Rewards CARD from Citi


Apply Now

Apply by Phone:  >



Expedia Rewards Credit Card Offers Bonus Points
Earn a $50 statement credit

after your first eligible Expedia purchase greater than $50 within 3 months of account opening Plus, earn 10,000 Expedia Rewards bonus points after $1,000 in spend within 3 months of account openingExpedia® Rewards CARD from Citi

Apply Now

Apply by Phone:  >



Citi partnered with Expedia, Inc. to bring you the Expedia Rewards Card, a Citi Expedia credit card that earns points to redeem toward travel rewards. Enjoy silver status each year of Expedia card membership and a full range of other Citi card benefits.
Earn a $50 statement credit after your first eligible Expedia purchase greater than $50 within 3 months of account opening. Plus, earn 10,000 Expedia Rewards bonus points after $1,000 in spend within 3 months of account opening.2
Expedia Rewards Bonus Points Offer is not available if you have had an Expedia Rewards or Expedia Rewards Voyager card opened or closed in the past 24 months.
Purchase APR: 17.24% - 25.24% variable APR based on your creditworthiness.1
No annual fee1Rewards
Earn 3 Expedia Rewards bonus points
per $1 spent on eligible Expedia purchases including flights, hotels, activities and travel packages.1
Earn 1 Expedia Rewards point
per $1 spent on other purchases.1Rewards Program Details
Expedia Rewards silver status is complimentary
for as long as you are a cardmember.2
Accelerate to gold status
Earn one Elite Qualifying Hotel Night towards Expedia Rewards gold status qualification for each increment of $2,500 in purchases made on the card between your January and December billing statements.2
No limit to the number of Expedia Rewards bonus points you can earn
and points won't expire as long as you earn or redeem points every 18 months.
APPLY NOWBenefits You Deserve
Citi® Private Pass®
Citi customers enjoy special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events annually, including presale tickets and VIP packages to concerts, sporting events, dining experiences, plus complimentary movie screenings and more, at citiprivatepass.comConvenience
Citi® Concierge
Citi® Concierge helps you save valuable time with a staff of specially-trained experts who are ready to assist you with your travel, shopping, dining, entertainment and everyday needs.
Citi® Cards with Apple Pay®
is another way Citi provides quick and easy payments. With a simple touch you can pay in-app or at over 200,000 stores with the iPhone®6, or in-app with the iPad Air® 2 and iPad miniTM 3. Plus, you'll still enjoy all of the benefits that come with your Citi card when you use Apple Pay to check out. Learn more at Citi.com/ApplePay

Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Pay, iPhone and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.