UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  15.49% to 23.49%, based on you
r creditworthiness.                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                              These APRs will vary with the mark
et based on the Prime Rate.a                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                      APR for Balance Transfers                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                        15.49% to 23.49%, based on your creditworthiness, for tr
ansfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              APR for Cash Advan
ces                                                                             
                                                                                
                                                            26.74%              
                                                                                
                                                     This APR will vary with the
 market based on the Prime Rate.b                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           Penalty APR and When it Applies                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  This APR will vary with the ma
rket based on the Prime Rate.c                                                  
                                                                                
                 This APR may be applied to your account if you:                
                                                                                
                                                    (1) Make a late payment or (
2) Make a payment that is returned.                                             
                                                                                
                       How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are inc
reased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          How to
 Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
             Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing c
ycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire ba
lance by the due date each month.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    Minimum Interest Charge                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  If you are charged interest, t
he charge will be no less than 50 cents.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
             For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   To learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at                                                           
               http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                    Fees        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Fee                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
              $95                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
               Transaction Fees                                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                     •                                          
                                                                                
                  Balance Transfer                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                         Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichev
er is greater.                                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                          •                                                     
                                                                                
       Cash Advance                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
   Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                       •                                        
                                                                                
                    Foreign Purchase Transaction                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                       None                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
               Penalty Fees                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                        •                                       
                                                                                
                                          Late Payment                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                        Up to $35                                               
                                                                                
                                                                     •          
                                                                                
                                                  Returned Payment              
                                                                                
                                                                                
        Up to $35                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                        How We Will Calculate Yo
ur Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current transaction
s)."  Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the P
enalty APR if you make a late payment.   For more information call Citibank at 1
-877-625-6382. New York residents may contact the New York State Department of F
inancial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative informatio
n on credit card rates, fees and grace periods.  Payment Allocation: We may appl
y the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balan
ces first, including transferred balances. Generally, payments above your Minimu
m Payment Due will be applied to your highest rate balance first. Prime Rate: Th
e variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 4.75% Prime Rate.           
                      a We add 10.74% to 18.74% to the Prime Rate to determine t
he Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.                                             b 
We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. c We add up 
to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. Variable rate APRs wil
l not exceed 29.99%.                      Expedia® + Voyager Card from Citi Term
s &amp; Conditions                    This offer is valid for new accounts only.
 You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a se
parate account.Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the is
suer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process yo
ur Card Account application.By submitting this application, you request that Cit
ibank, N.A. ("Citibank") establish a Expedia® + Voyager Card from Citi account (
the "Card Account") to you and any authorized users you have designated. You agr
ee that all information provided in this application must be verifiable and accu
rate.The Card Account is governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agre
ement") provided when the Card Account is issued.                            Ide
ntity Verification                            IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCED
URES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of ter
rorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial insti
tutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person wh
o opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of 
birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an
 account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying docu
ments; and obtain identification information about you or any authorized user yo
u add to your account.            Credit ReportsYou authorize us to get credit r
eports and other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and othe
r sources, for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account
, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, credit line increases 
or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering o
ther products and services and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask u
s, we'll tell you whether or not we requested a credit bureau report and the nam
es and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From 
time to time, we may report negative information about your Card Account behavio
r, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.    Credit Information    
To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on cred
itworthiness.     Your revolving credit limit will be determined based on the fo
llowing:            Your annual salary and wages        Any other annual income 
       A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit report   
     We'll inform you of your revolving credit limit when you receive your credi
t card. Some limits may be as low as $2000. Please note that cash advances may b
e limited to a portion of your revolving credit limit.       Card Agreement     
                       If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a 
Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account.                 The terms o
f the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if yo
u do not use your Card Account,                 the Card Agreement will take eff
ect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the 
Card Agreement.                 We have the right to make changes to the terms o
f your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agree
ment.            Information Sharing   You authorize us to report to Expedia, In
c., Expedia®+ bonus points earned with us. You also authorize us to share with E
xpedia experiential and transactional information regarding your activity with u
s.   Special Notices                            Notice to Ohio Residents: The Oh
io laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally av
ailable to all                 creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting
 agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.   
              The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this 
law.                                        Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No ma
rital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affect
s our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court or
der before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before 
your account is opened. Important Information About Adding An Authorized User   
         Before adding an authorized user to your Card Account you should know: 
                           You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to
 the Card Account by the authorized user.                Authorized users have a
ccess to your Card Account information.                                    Befor
e adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know that we may report Card A
ccount performance                     to the credit reporting agencies in the a
uthorized user's name.                                                     If we
 ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain their permission
 to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applica
ble law.            Balance Transfer Information                            How 
to Make Balance Transfers                                                       
    After receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the b
ack of your card to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at o
ur discretion. All balance transfers are subject to the standard purchase APR un
less an introductory and/or other promotional rate applies.                     
                               If we give you the option to transfer a balance w
ith your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is o
pened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel
 or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of yo
ur card.                                                    You may transfer any
 amount, but the total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fee
s must be less than your available revolving credit limit. Be sure you don't tra
nsfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dis
pute rights. You can't transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citibank,
 N.A. or its affiliates. To see if your Card Account is issued by Citi, go to ci
ti.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.Continue to
 make payments on your other accounts until you have confirmed this balance tran
sfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount of the balance trans
fer directly to that issuer. The available revolving credit limit for your new c
ard will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we appr
ove.                        Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer O
ffer:   If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on p
urchases made with your credit card unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you p
ay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance
 transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period.If you default un
der your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on the balance transfer
. Additional Information    Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in c
onnection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for a
ny reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for p
roducts and services offered by other companies.Expedia®+ Voyager Card from Citi
 Terms and ConditionsEarn Expedia+ rewards bonus pointsUnless you are participat
ing in a promotional offer you will earn:    4 Expedia+ rewards bonus points for
 every $1 you spend on eligible Expedia purchases, including flights, hotels, ac
tivities and travel packages    2 Expedia+ rewards bonus points for every $1 you
 spend on dining at restaurants and entertainment    1 Expedia+ rewards bonus po
int for every $1 you spend on other purchasesEligible Expedia Purchases Eligible
 Expedia Purchases must be paid in full upon reservation and include flights, Ex
pedia Rate hotels, travel packages and activities booked on Expedia.com. Expedia
 Rate hotels are designated as such in your hotel search. A "travel package" is 
a flight + hotel, flight + hotel + car, flight + car, hotel + car, or a booking 
made under the "Bundle Deals" or "Vacation Packages" tab on Expedia.com. An "act
ivity" is anything booked on the "Things to Do" or "Activities" tab on Expedia.c
om.The following do not qualify: Expedia Rate Hotels reserved through Expedia bu
t paid for at the time of stay, non‐Expedia Rate Hotels, properties booked throu
gh the "Vacation Rental" tab on Expedia.com, car reservations that are not booke
d as part of a travel package, and cruise bookings. Sometimes transactions do no
t come through with the information Citi needs to recognize, that the transactio
n was an eligible Expedia purchase. Citi does not determine how transactions are
 classified on Expedia.com. Citi reserves the right to determine which purchases
 qualify for rewards bonus points.Rewards Bonus PointsExpedia+ bonus points will
 typically appear in your Expedia+ account within 6-8 weeks after you have met t
he purchase requirements. Once the points are available in your Expedia+ account
, you may redeem for rewards. Point value and redemption options are determined 
by Expedia.  Visit expedia.com/rewards/terms for complete Terms and Conditions o
f the Expedia+ program.Bonus points are earned on purchases made with your Exped
ia+ or Expedia+ Voyager Card. Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that acce
ss your card account, purchases returned/refunded for credit, unauthorized charg
es, interest and account fees, travelers checks, foreign currency purchases, mon
ey orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets,
 gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) do not earn Expedia+ bonus poin
ts. If a purchase, or a portion of a purchase, is returned or refunded for credi
t any points awarded as a result of that purchase, or portion of a purchase, wil
l be deducted from your Expedia+ point account balance which may result in a neg
ative point balance. Additional DetailsPurchasesExcludes cash advances, convenie
nce checks, balance transfers, account fees or interest charges, disputed or una
uthorized purchases/fraudulent transactions, returns or credits.Restaurants are 
classified as dining establishments that primarily prepare food and drinks for i
mmediate consumption by consumers, either on the merchant's premises or packaged
 for take-out and include bars, cocktail lounges, discotheques, nightclubs, tave
rns and fast food restaurants.Sports Promoters are classified as merchants that 
operate and promote live sporting events (professional or semi-professional), an
d may also include sports stadiums. Theatrical promoters are classified as merch
ants that operate live theatrical productions or concerts, and include ticketing
 agencies.Movie theaters are classified as establishments that sell tickets and 
refreshments for movie productions. Amusement parks (including zoos, circuses an
d aquariums) are classified as establishments that operate parks or carnivals an
d offer mechanical rides and games and/or live animal shows. Tourist attractions
 (including museums and art galleries) are classified as establishments that ope
rate attractions and exhibits for tourists. Record stores are classified as esta
blishments that sell CDs and related items, including online record stores. Vide
o rental stores are classified as merchants that rent DVDs and/or games and rela
ted equipment for consumer use, including online video rentals.We do not determi
ne how merchants or establishments are classified. Merchants who accept Visa/Mas
tercard credit cards are assigned a merchant code based on the merchant's primar
y line of business and the kinds of products and services they sell.Sometimes a 
merchant will sell a particular item that appears to fit within the stated quali
fying category, but that merchant may not have a merchant code that fits within 
that category. Therefore purchases with that merchant will not qualify for the s
tated rewards offer on category purchases. Citi reserves the right to determine 
which purchases qualify for 2 Expedia+ rewards bonus points per dollar. Purchase
s not eligible to receive 2 Expedia+ rewards bonus points per dollar include, bu
t are not limited to, purchases made at warehouse clubs, discount stores, depart
ment stores and convenience stores.Expedia+ gold Status Cardmembers must be logg
ed into their Expedia+ rewards account when booking to receive +gold benefits. U
pgrades at + VIP Access™ hotels subject to availability. Amenities at +VIP Acces
s™ hotels vary from property to property and are not available at all locations.
 $100 Annual Air Travel Fee CreditYou will receive up to $100 in statement credi
ts per calendar year (January through December billing statements) towards trave
l incidentals including airline incidental fees on 10 qualifying airlines &amp; 
2 wireless hotspot providers and application fees for either the Global Entry or
 TSA Pre✓® programs. The statement credit can only be used toward purchases of $
100 or less and may be used on multiple purchases until your full $100 benefit h
as been met. Purchases must be charged on the Expedia+ Voyager card for the bene
fit to apply. Purchases made by both the primary and authorized users on the acc
ount are eligible for the statement credit. The statement credit will appear on 
the same statement in which the qualifying purchase is billed. You are responsib
le for payment of all charges on the account regardless of eligibility for state
ment credit. Airline incidental fees must be separate charges from airline ticke
t charges and include purchases such as checked bags, inflight entertainment or 
refreshments, inflight Wi-Fi, or other qualifying purchases that meet the eligib
ility requirements. Qualified airlines include: Alaska Airlines, American Airlin
es, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spi
rit Airlines, United Airlines, US Airways, and Virgin America Airlines. Qualifie
d wireless hotspot providers include: Boingo Wireless and Gogo Inflight Internet
. Global Entry: Please visit cbp.gov/global-entry/aboutTSA Pre✓®: Please visit t
sa.gov/tsa-precheck Citi has no control over the application and/or approval pro
cess for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®, and does not have access to any information 
provided to the government by the cardmember or by the government to the cardmem
ber. Citi has no liability regarding the Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® programs. U.S
. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) (for Global Entry) and U.S. Transportation
 Security Administration (TSA) (for TSA Pre✓®) charge an application fee to proc
ess each respective application regardless of whether the cardmember's applicati
on is approved. Anniversary BonusYour cardmembership year begins the date your a
ccount was opened and resets each year on that date. The bonus will be awarded i
n your anniversary billing period, regardless of when in the year the spend thre
shold was met.Additional Information:Any benefit, reward, service, or feature of
fered in connection with your Expedia+ Card from Citi may change or be discontin
ued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi is
 not responsible for the products and services offered by other companies.Expedi
a+ rewards membership, earning of Expedia+ rewards bonus points and redemption o
f points are subject to Expedia+ rewards Terms and Conditions.©  Expedia, Inc. A
ll Rights reserved.Expedia, Expedia.com, and the airplane logo and the +VIP Acce
ss are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Expedia Inc. in the U.S. an
d/or other countries.©  Citibank, N.A. All rights reserved.Citi, Citibank, and C
iti with Arc Design are registered service marks of Citigroup Inc.              
          Close