UDAP T&C













       
              
                     
                            
                                   
                                   
                                                 CITI DISCLOSURES
                                   
                                   
                            
                            
                                   
                                   
                                                 Interest Rates and Interest Charges
                                   
                                   
                            
                            
                                   
                                   
                                          
                            
                                                 Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
                                                 
                        
                                          
                                                 
                                                                                                
                                                        16.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                        
                                                 

                                                 
                                                 
                                                        
                                                        
                                                        
                                                        These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
                                                 
                                                                        
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                          
                                          
                                                 APR for Balance Transfers
                                          
                                          
                                          
                                          
                                                 16.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness, for transfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
                                                 
                                                                        
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                          
                                          
                                                 APR for Cash Advances
                                          
                                          
                                          
                                          
                                                 26.74%
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b
                                                 
                                                                        
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                          
                                          
                                                 Penalty APR and When it Applies
                                          
                                          
                                          
                                          
                                                 Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                                                                                
                                                 
                                                 This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 This APR may be applied to your account if you:
                                                  
                                                 
                                                 (1) Make a late payment or (2) Make a payment that is returned.
                                                  
                                                 
                                                 How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.
                                                      
                                                                        
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                          
                                          
                                                 How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases 
                                          
                                          
                                          
                                          
                                                 Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.  
                                                 
                                                                        
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                          
                                                 
                                                 Minimum Interest Charge
                                                 
                                          
                                          
                                                 
                                                 If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than 50 cents.
                                                 
                                                   
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                          
                                          
                                                 For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
                                          
                                          
                                          
                                          
                            To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at  
                               
                     
                    http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
                            
                                     
                                   
                                   
                            
                     
              
       
       
       
              
                     
                            
                                   
                            
                            
                                   
                                   
                                                 Fees
                                          
                                   
                            
                            
                                   
                                   
                                          
                                              
                                                 Annual Fee 
                                                 
                                          
                                          
                                                 
                                                 None
                                                 
                                                                        
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                          
                                              
                                                 Transaction Fees 
                                                 
                                          
                                          
                                   
                                   
                                          •
                                          
                                                 
                                                 Balance Transfer
                                                 
                                          
                                          
                                                 
                                                 Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
                                                 
                                                 
                                          
                                   
                                   
                                          •
                                          
                                                 
                                                 Cash Advance
                                                 
                                          
                                          
                                          
                                                 Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
                                                 
                                          
                                   
                                   
                                          •
                                          
                                                 
                                                 Foreign Purchase Transaction
                                                 
                                          
                                          
                                                 
                                                 3% of each purchase transaction in US dollars.
                                                                    
                                                                        
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                          
                                              
                                                 Penalty Fees 
                                                 
                                          
                                          
                                   
                                   
                                                 •
                                                 
                                                        
                                                        Late Payment
                                                 
                                                 
                                                        
                                                        Up to $35
                                          
                                          
                                   
                                   
                                          •
                                          
                                                 
                                                 Returned Payment
                                          
                                          
                                                 
                                                 Up to $35 
                                                                    
                                                                        
                                   
                                                                      
                                   
                            
                     
              
       
       

	
		
		 How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current transactions)."
		
		  Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you make a late payment.
		
		   For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit card rates, fees and grace periods.
		
		  Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest rate balance first.
		
		
		 
		
		Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 4.75% Prime Rate.  

		 
		


		
			
				
				 
              	 
              		a We add 11.74% to 19.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR. 
              	 
              	
               		
				
				
			
			
				
				
					b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. 
				
				
			
			
				
				
					c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. 
				
				
			
			
				
				Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.
				
			
		

		
		
	






 
		
		
						 
			
			
			
		
	




	
		 




 
  

 
   














    
        
	Expedia® + Card from Citi Terms & Conditions

        
            
	This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a separate account.
Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.
	
	


	
		By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a Expedia® + Card from Citi account (the "Card Account") to you and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all information provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate.
The Card Account is governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.
	
	

            
                
Identity Verification
            
                IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any authorized user you add to your account.
            


	Credit Reports
	
		You authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, 
		for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, 
		credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and services 
		and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we requested a credit bureau report and the 
		names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information 
		about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.
	



    Credit Information
    To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness. 
    Your revolving credit limit will be determined based on the following:
    
        Your annual salary and wages
        Any other annual income
        A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit report
    
    We'll inform you of your revolving credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $2000. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your revolving credit limit.
    
   
Card Agreement

            
                If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. 
                The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account, 
                the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement. 
                We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.
            

Information Sharing

   You authorize us to report to Expedia, Inc., Expedia®+ bonus points earned with us. You also authorize us to share with Expedia experiential and transactional information regarding your activity with us.   


Special Notices

            
                Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all 
                creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. 
                The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
            

            
                Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened.
 Important Information About Adding An Authorized User

            Before adding an authorized user to your Card Account you should know:

            
                You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.
                Authorized users have access to your Card Account information.
                
                    Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know that we may report Card Account performance 
                    to the credit reporting agencies in the authorized user's name.
                
            

            
             If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law.
            
Balance Transfer Information

            
                How to Make Balance Transfers
            

            
                
                   After receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at our discretion. All balance transfers are subject to the standard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotional rate applies.
                
                
                    If we give you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of your card.
                
                
                    You may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available revolving credit limit. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citi or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, please visit www.citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.
Continue to make payments on your other accounts until you have confirmed this balance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount of the balance transfer directly to that issuer. The available revolving credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we approve.
            

            Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:

   If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on purchases made with your credit card unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period.
If you default under your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on the balance transfer.

 
Additional Information


    Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for products and services offered by other companies.




Expedia®+ Card from Citi Terms and Conditions
Earn Expedia+ rewards bonus points
Unless you are participating in a promotional offer you will earn:

    3 Expedia+ rewards bonus points for every $1 you spend on eligible Expedia purchases, including flights, hotels, activities and travel packages
    1 Expedia+ rewards bonus point for every $1 you spend on other purchases


Eligible Expedia Purchases

 Eligible Expedia Purchases must be paid in full upon reservation and include flights, Expedia Rate hotels, travel packages and activities booked on Expedia.com. Expedia Rate hotels are designated as such in your hotel search. A "travel package" is a flight + hotel, flight + hotel + car, flight + car, hotel + car, or a booking made under the "Bundle Deals" or "Vacation Packages" tab on Expedia.com. An "activity" is anything booked on the "Things to Do" or "Activities" tab on Expedia.com.

The following do not qualify: Expedia Rate Hotels reserved through Expedia but paid for at the time of stay, non‐Expedia Rate Hotels, properties booked through the "Vacation Rental" tab on Expedia.com, car reservations that are not booked as part of a travel package, and cruise bookings. Sometimes transactions do not come through with the information Citi needs to recognize, that the transaction was an eligible Expedia purchase. Citi does not determine how transactions are classified on Expedia.com. Citi reserves the right to determine which purchases qualify for rewards bonus points. 

Rewards Bonus Points 

Expedia+ bonus points will typically appear in your Expedia+ account within 6-8 weeks after you have met the purchase requirements. Once the points are available in your Expedia+ account, you may redeem for rewards. Point value and redemption options are determined by Expedia. Visit expedia.com/rewards/terms for complete Terms and Conditions of the Expedia+ program.

Bonus points are earned on purchases made with your Expedia+ or Expedia+ Voyager Card. Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your card account, purchases returned/refunded for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, travelers checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) do not earn Expedia+ bonus points. If a purchase, or a portion of a purchase, is returned or refunded for credit any points awarded as a result of that purchase, or portion of a purchase, will be deducted from your Expedia+ point account balance which may result in a negative point balance.




Additional Details
Purchases
Excludes cash advances, convenience checks, balance transfers, account fees or finance charges, disputed or unauthorized purchases/fraudulent transactions, returns or credits.
Expedia+ silver status
Cardmembers must be logged into their Expedia+ rewards account when booking to receive +silver benefits. Amenities at +VIP Access™ hotels vary from property to property and are not available at all locations.
Elite Qualifying Nights
Each billing cycle, your Expedia+ rewards account will be credited for the Elite Qualifying Hotel Nights earned during the prior billing period.


Additional Information:
Any benefit, reward, service, or feature offered in connection with your Expedia+ Card from Citi may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi is not responsible for the products and services offered by other companies.
Expedia+ rewards membership, earning of Expedia+ rewards bonus points and redemption of points are subject to Expedia+ rewards Terms and Conditions.
©  Expedia, Inc. All Rights reserved.
Expedia, Expedia.com, and the airplane logo and the +VIP Access are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Expedia Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries.
©  Citibank, N.A. All rights reserved.
Citi, Citibank, and Citi with Arc Design are registered service marks of Citigroup Inc.

            

        
    

	
	




	
	
	Close          
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	  



 
 
 