UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  16.49% to 24.49%, based on you
r creditworthiness.                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                              These APRs will vary with the mark
et based on the Prime Rate.a                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                      APR for Balance Transfers                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                        16.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness, for tr
ansfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              APR for Cash Advan
ces                                                                             
                                                                                
                                                            26.74%              
                                                                                
                                                     This APR will vary with the
 market based on the Prime Rate.b                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           Penalty APR and When it Applies                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  This APR will vary with the ma
rket based on the Prime Rate.c                                                  
                                                                                
                 This APR may be applied to your account if you:                
                                                                                
                                                    (1) Make a late payment or (
2) Make a payment that is returned.                                             
                                                                                
                       How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are inc
reased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          How to
 Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
             Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing c
ycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire ba
lance by the due date each month.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    Minimum Interest Charge                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  If you are charged interest, t
he charge will be no less than 50 cents.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
             For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   To learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at                                                           
               http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                    Fees        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Fee                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
              None                                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                Transaction Fees                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                      •                                         
                                                                                
                   Balance Transfer                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                          Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whiche
ver is greater.                                                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           •                                                    
                                                                                
        Cash Advance                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
    Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                        •                                       
                                                                                
                     Foreign Purchase Transaction                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                        3% of each purchase transaction in US do
llars.                                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                          Penalty Fees          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
   •                                                                            
                                                                                
     Late Payment                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                   Up to $35    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                •                                               
                                                                                
             Returned Payment                                                   
                                                                                
                                                   Up to $35                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                   How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "d
aily balance (including current transactions)."  Loss of Introductory APR: We ma
y end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you make a late payment
.   For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. New York residents may
 contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 o
r www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit card rates, fees and grac
e periods.  Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to 
your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred bala
nces. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your
 highest rate balance first. Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accur
ate based on a 4.75% Prime Rate.                                 a We add 11.74%
 to 19.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.    
                                         b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to de
termine the Cash Advances APR. c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determ
ine the Penalty APR. Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.                 
     Expedia® + Card from Citi Terms &amp; Conditions                    This of
fer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you
're married, you may apply for a separate account.Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, S
D, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks fr
om date of submission to process your Card Account application.By submitting thi
s application, you request that Citibank, N.A. ("Citibank") establish a Expedia®
 + Card from Citi account (the "Card Account") to you and any authorized users y
ou have designated. You agree that all information provided in this application 
must be verifiable and accurate.The Card Account is governed by the terms of the
 card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.    
                        Identity Verification                            IMPORTA
NT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the governme
nt fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law r
equires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information tha
t identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for y
our name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to id
entify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's licens
e or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about yo
u or any authorized user you add to your account.            Credit ReportsYou a
uthorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer 
reporting agencies and other sources, for such purposes as: determining whether 
to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Acco
unt, credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the C
ard Account, and offering other products and services and for any other uses per
mitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we requested a credi
t bureau report and the names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided 
us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information abou
t your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies
.    Credit Information    To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicab
le criteria bearing on creditworthiness.     Your revolving credit limit will be
 determined based on the following:            Your annual salary and wages     
   Any other annual income        A review of your debt, including the debt list
ed on your credit report        We'll inform you of your revolving credit limit 
when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $2000. Please no
te that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your revolving credit limit
.       Card Agreement                            If you are approved for a Card
 Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. 
                The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use yo
ur Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account,                 the C
ard Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 
days after we send you the Card Agreement.                 We have the right to 
make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in acc
ordance with the Card Agreement.            Information Sharing   You authorize 
us to report to Expedia, Inc., Expedia®+ bonus points earned with us. You also a
uthorize us to share with Expedia experiential and transactional information reg
arding your activity with us.   Special Notices                            Notic
e to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all credi
tors make credit equally available to all                 creditworthy customers
, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each 
individual upon request.                 The Ohio Civil Rights Commission admini
sters compliance with this law.                                        Notice to
 Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or co
urt decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agree
ment, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual kno
wledge of its terms before your account is opened. Important Information About A
dding An Authorized User            Before adding an authorized user to your Car
d Account you should know:                            You're responsible for all
 charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.            
    Authorized users have access to your Card Account information.              
                      Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her kno
w that we may report Card Account performance                     to the credit 
reporting agencies in the authorized user's name.                               
                      If we ask for information about the authorized user, you m
ust obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to sha
re it as allowed by applicable law.            Balance Transfer Information     
                       How to Make Balance Transfers                            
                               After receiving your card, you can call the custo
mer service number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Balance transf
ers are made available at our discretion. All balance transfers are subject to t
he standard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotional rate ap
plies.                                                    If we give you the opt
ion to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days a
fter your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. Durin
g this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling t
he number on the back of your card.                                             
       You may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your balance transfe
r plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available revolving credit l
imit. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount be
cause you may lose your dispute rights. You can't transfer balances from other a
ccounts issued by Citibank, N.A. or its affiliates. To see if your Card Account 
is issued by Citi, go to citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products
 and affiliates.Continue to make payments on your other accounts until you have 
confirmed this balance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the 
amount of the balance transfer directly to that issuer. The available revolving 
credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transf
ers, including fees we approve.                        Things You Should Know Ab
out Your Balance Transfer Offer:   If you transfer a balance with this offer, in
terest will be charged on purchases made with your credit card unless your purch
ases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including
 the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billi
ng period.If you default under your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional 
APR on the balance transfer. Additional Information    Any benefit, reward, serv
ice or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be dis
continued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. C
iti isn't responsible for products and services offered by other companies.Exped
ia®+ Card from Citi Terms and ConditionsEarn Expedia+ rewards bonus pointsUnless
 you are participating in a promotional offer you will earn:    3 Expedia+ rewar
ds bonus points for every $1 you spend on eligible Expedia purchases, including 
flights, hotels, activities and travel packages    1 Expedia+ rewards bonus poin
t for every $1 you spend on other purchasesEligible Expedia Purchases Eligible E
xpedia Purchases must be paid in full upon reservation and include flights, Expe
dia Rate hotels, travel packages and activities booked on Expedia.com. Expedia R
ate hotels are designated as such in your hotel search. A "travel package" is a 
flight + hotel, flight + hotel + car, flight + car, hotel + car, or a booking ma
de under the "Bundle Deals" or "Vacation Packages" tab on Expedia.com. An "activ
ity" is anything booked on the "Things to Do" or "Activities" tab on Expedia.com
.The following do not qualify: Expedia Rate Hotels reserved through Expedia but 
paid for at the time of stay, non‐Expedia Rate Hotels, properties booked through
 the "Vacation Rental" tab on Expedia.com, car reservations that are not booked 
as part of a travel package, and cruise bookings. Sometimes transactions do not 
come through with the information Citi needs to recognize, that the transaction 
was an eligible Expedia purchase. Citi does not determine how transactions are c
lassified on Expedia.com. Citi reserves the right to determine which purchases q
ualify for rewards bonus points. Rewards Bonus Points Expedia+ bonus points will
 typically appear in your Expedia+ account within 6-8 weeks after you have met t
he purchase requirements. Once the points are available in your Expedia+ account
, you may redeem for rewards. Point value and redemption options are determined 
by Expedia. Visit expedia.com/rewards/terms for complete Terms and Conditions of
 the Expedia+ program.Bonus points are earned on purchases made with your Expedi
a+ or Expedia+ Voyager Card. Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that acces
s your card account, purchases returned/refunded for credit, unauthorized charge
s, interest and account fees, travelers checks, foreign currency purchases, mone
y orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, 
gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) do not earn Expedia+ bonus point
s. If a purchase, or a portion of a purchase, is returned or refunded for credit
 any points awarded as a result of that purchase, or portion of a purchase, will
 be deducted from your Expedia+ point account balance which may result in a nega
tive point balance.Additional DetailsPurchasesExcludes cash advances, convenienc
e checks, balance transfers, account fees or finance charges, disputed or unauth
orized purchases/fraudulent transactions, returns or credits.Expedia+ silver sta
tusCardmembers must be logged into their Expedia+ rewards account when booking t
o receive +silver benefits. Amenities at +VIP Access™ hotels vary from property 
to property and are not available at all locations.Elite Qualifying NightsEach b
illing cycle, your Expedia+ rewards account will be credited for the Elite Quali
fying Hotel Nights earned during the prior billing period.Additional Information
:Any benefit, reward, service, or feature offered in connection with your Expedi
a+ Card from Citi may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, exce
pt as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi is not responsible for the products an
d services offered by other companies.Expedia+ rewards membership, earning of Ex
pedia+ rewards bonus points and redemption of points are subject to Expedia+ rew
ards Terms and Conditions.©  Expedia, Inc. All Rights reserved.Expedia, Expedia.
com, and the airplane logo and the +VIP Access are either registered trademarks 
or trademarks of Expedia Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries.©  Citibank, N.
A. All rights reserved.Citi, Citibank, and Citi with Arc Design are registered s
ervice marks of Citigroup Inc.                        Close