Earn American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles with a Citi® / AAdvantage® Travel Rewards Credit Card
Don't pass this up - apply today
Earn 50,000 American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles after making $2,500 in purchases within the first 3 months of account opening.2
Annual Fee: $99 (Fee waived for the first 12 months)*
*Pricing Details
                                            American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles are not available if you have received a new account bonus for a Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® account in the past 48 months.
                                        
Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite™ Mastercard®
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-514-8501
TTY: Use Relay Service
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-514-8501
TTY: Use Relay Service
Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite™ Mastercard®
                                        American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles are not available if you have received a new account bonus for a Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® account in the past 48 months.
                                    
Upgrade your travel experience with the Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite™ Mastercard® — a Citi airline miles credit card designed for the world's largest airline. Enjoy preferred boarding American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles and many more travel rewards. Get the most out of your next adventure and apply for the Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite™ Mastercard® today!
Earn 50,000 American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles after spending $2,500 in purchases within the first 3 months of account opening.2
No Foreign Transaction Fees on purchases.*
Purchase Rate: 15.99% - 24.99% variable APR based on your creditworthiness.*
American Airlines Flight Perks
First checked bag is free on domestic American Airlines itineraries for you and up to four companions traveling with you on the same reservation.2
Enjoy preferred boarding.2
Receive a 25% savings on eligible inflight food and beverage purchases when you use your card on American Airlines flights.2
Reward Program Details
Double Miles on eligible American Airlines PurchasesEarn 2 AAdvantage® miles for every $1 spent on eligible American Airlines purchases. Earn 1 AAdvantage® mile for every $1 spent on other purchases.2
Double Miles at RestaurantsEarn 2 AAdvantage® miles for every $1 spent at restaurants.2
Double Miles at Gas StationsEarn 2 AAdvantage® miles for every $1 spent at gas stations.2
$125 American Airlines Flight DiscountEarn a $125 American Airlines Flight Discount after you spend $20,000 or more in purchases during your cardmembership year and renew your card.2
Other Citi® Benefits
Citi Entertainment®
The Citi Entertainment® program takes the once out of once in a lifetime. Get special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events, including presale tickets and exclusive experiences for the year’s most anticipated concerts, sporting events, dining experiences and more.
                                    
Convenience
Digital Wallets
Digital Wallets let you shop with confidence in millions of places online, within apps and in stores. With digital wallets you can speed through checkout and continue to enjoy all the great benefits that come with your card. Learn how to get started and how digital wallets can help protect your card information at citi.com/digitalservices.
                                    
Tap Your Card With Contactless Pay
Shop safely with a contactless-chip enabled card. Just tap your card on the payment reader and go in seconds.
                                    
*Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® Pricing Details
The standard variable APR for purchases – 15.99% to 24.99%, based on your creditworthiness. Balance transfers and Citi Flex Plan are also subject to the standard variable purchase APR. The standard variable APR for cash advances – 25.24%. The variable Penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. The annual fee for this card is $99. However, this fee is waived for the first 12 months. Minimum interest charge – $0.50. Fee for foreign purchases – None. Cash advance fee – Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee – Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
Certain terms and conditions apply.
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
What others are saying about this card:Please note that the terms and benefits of this product may change over time.
Citi does not guarantee the accuracy of these reviews. Benefits, fees, terms, and offers mentioned in reviews may change over time.
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-514-8501
TTY: Use Relay Service
Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite™ Mastercard® F A Q s
Expand all sections
What benefits does the Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite™ Mastercard® have?
There are many exciting benefits to being a Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite™ Mastercard® cardmember, all of which are aimed to enrich your travel experience.Cardmember benefits include:One free checked bag on domestic American Airlines itineraries for you and up to four travel companions on the same reservationPreferred boarding on American Airlines flights for up to four companions traveling with you and listed in the same reservation — allowing you to secure overhead bin space and enjoy the in-flight experience25% savings when using your card on in-flight food and beverages on American Airlines flightsEarn two AAdvantage® miles for every dollar spent at gas stations and restaurantsEnjoy no foreign transaction fees on purchases1, so you can feel inspired to purchase what you need anytime, anywhere when traveling abroad
What can I redeem my AAdvantage® miles for?
Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite™ Mastercard® cardmembers can redeem their AAdvantage® miles for many exciting travel rewards such as:Flights on American Airlines, American Eagle®, any oneworld® airline or any partner airline to nearly 1,000 destinations worldwideFlight upgrades to the next cabin on most domestic and international flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, British Airways and IberiaCar rentals, hotels, activities and tours
Can you use AAdvantage® miles for flights?
Yes, AAdvantage® miles earned with your Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite™ Mastercard® can be redeemed for flights to nearly 1,000 destinations worldwide. In addition, AAdvantage® miles can be redeemed for flight upgrades, car rentals and hotels.
Does the Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite™ Mastercard® have a foreign transaction fee?
The Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite™ Mastercard® is designed for travelers, which is why there are no foreign transaction fees1.
Read more Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Elite™ Mastercard® F A Q s
1Pricing & Information
