An Airline Miles Credit Card with AAdvantage® Elite Travel Rewards
Don’t pass up this offer – apply today Earn 50,000 American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles after making $5,000 in purchases within the first 3 months of account opening.2 Plus, Admirals Club® membership.
Annual Fee: $4501


1Pricing & Information



Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard®


Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 1-888-645-3706 >TTY: Use Relay Service



An Airline Miles Credit Card with AAdvantage® Elite Travel Rewards
Don’t pass up this offer – apply today

Earn 50,000 American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles after making $5,000 in purchases within the first 3 months of account opening.2 Plus, Admirals Club® membership.Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard®

Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 1-888-645-3706 >TTY: Use Relay Service



The Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive card is one of Citi's best travel credit cards for flights on American Airlines. Earn American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles and AAdvantage® elite travel benefits with the only airline miles credit card to offer Admirals Club® membership. Start exploring the world with this exciting travel rewards credit card from Citi.
Earn 50,000 American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles after spending $5,000 in purchases within the first 3 months of account opening.

American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles are not available if you have had any Citi® / AAdvantage® card (other than an AAdvantage MileUpSM or CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® card) opened or closed in the past 24 months.
Admirals Club® membership including access to more than 50 lounge locations worldwide. Up to two guests or immediate family (spouse, domestic partner and/or children under 18 years of age) may accompany the member.2
Add up to 10 Authorized Users at no additional cost.
Maximize the value: each authorized user you add receives Admirals Club® access even when they are not traveling with you2. Add your first authorized user today when you apply.
Purchase Rate 17.99% – 25.99% variable APR based on your creditworthiness1Exceptional Travel Benefits
Receive a statement credit, up to $100 every 5 years, as reimbursement for your application fee for Global Entry or TSA Pre√ ®.
Enhanced Airport Experience
Enjoy priority check-in, priority airport screening (where available) and boarding privileges for you and up to eight travel companions on the same reservation.
No Foreign Transaction Fees
on purchases.1Rewards Program Details
Earn 2 AAdvantage® miles for every $1 spent
on eligible American Airlines purchases2 and 1 AAdvantage® mile for every $1 spent on other purchases.2
You will earn 10,000 AAdvantage® Elite Qualifying Miles (EQMs) after you spend $40,000 in purchases within the year.2
25% Savings
on inflight food and beverage purchases when you use your card on American Airlines flights.2
APPLY NOWTravel Protection
EMV Chip Technology
Enjoy global acceptance and enhanced security when you use your credit card at merchants that use chip enabled terminals to accept your payment.
APPLY NOWPurchase Protection
$0 Liability on Unauthorized Charges
You're completely protected against unauthorized charges on your account. At Citi, you will not be responsible for a charge that you did not authorize, online or otherwise.Convenience
Citi® Cards with Apple Pay®
is another way Citi provides quick and easy payments. With a simple touch you can pay in-app or at over 200,000 stores with the iPhone®6, or in-app with the iPad Air® 2 and iPad miniTM 3. Plus, you'll still enjoy all of the benefits that come with your Citi card when you use Apple Pay to check out. Learn more at Citi.com/ApplePay

Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Pay, iPhone and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
Dedicated Concierge
With Dedicated Concierge, you’ll have access to a staff of experts for help with your foreign and domestic travel, shopping, dining, household, and entertainment needs.
APPLY NOW