UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  17.24% to 25.24%, based on you
r creditworthiness.                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                              These APRs will vary with the mark
et based on the Prime Rate.a                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                      APR for Balance Transfers                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                        17.24% to 25.24%, based on your creditworthiness, for tr
ansfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              APR for Cash Advan
ces                                                                             
                                                                                
                                                            26.74%              
                                                                                
                                                     This APR will vary with the
 market based on the Prime Rate.b                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           Penalty APR and When it Applies                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  This APR will vary with the ma
rket based on the Prime Rate.c                                                  
                                                                                
                 This APR may be applied to your account if you:                
                                                                                
                                                    (1) Make a late payment or (
2) Make a payment that is returned.                                             
                                                                                
                       How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are inc
reased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          How to
 Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
             Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing c
ycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire ba
lance by the due date each month.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    Minimum Interest Charge                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  If you are charged interest, t
he charge will be no less than 50 cents.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
             For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   To learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at                                                           
               http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                    Fees        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Fee                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
              $450 for the primary cardmember.$50 for each authorized user.     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                         Transac
tion Fees                                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
               •                                                                
                                                                            Bala
nce Transfer                                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
   Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
    •                                                                           
                                                                 Cash Advance   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                             Either $10 or 5% of
 the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                  •                                                             
                                                                               F
oreign Purchase Transaction                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                  None                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          Penalt
y Fees                                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                   •                                                            
                                                                                
                     Late Payment                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
   Up to $35                                                                    
                                                                                
                                                •                               
                                                                                
                             Returned Payment                                   
                                                                                
                                                                   Up to $35    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a 
method called "daily balance (including current transactions)."     For more inf
ormation call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. New York residents may contact the New
 York State Department of Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov
 for comparative information on credit card rates, fees and grace periods.  Paym
ent Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Pay
ment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally,
 payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest rate ba
lance first. Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 4
.75% Prime Rate.                                 a We add 12.49% to 20.49% to th
e Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.                    
                         b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash
 Advances APR. c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty 
APR. Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.                      Citi Presti
ge® Card Terms &amp; Conditions                    This offer is valid for new a
ccounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married, you may a
pply for a separate account.Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "u
s") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission 
to process your Card Account application.By submitting this application, you req
uest that Citi establish a Citi Prestige® Card account (the "Card Account") to y
ou and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all information 
provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate.The Card Account is
 governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when th
e Card Account is issued.                            Identity Verification      
                      IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW A
CCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money launder
ing activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verif
y, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This
 means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other informa
tion that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also as
k to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identi
fication information about you or any authorized user you add to your account.  
          Credit ReportsYou authorize us to get credit reports and other informa
tion about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, for such purp
oses as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewi
ng and renewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection
 and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and servic
es and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whethe
r or not we requested a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of any 
credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may rep
ort negative information about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, t
o consumer reporting agencies.    Credit Information    To receive a Card Accoun
t, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.     Your r
evolving credit limit will be determined based on the following:            Your
 annual salary and wages        Any other annual income        A review of your 
debt, including the debt listed on your credit report        We'll inform you of
 your revolving credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may 
be as low as $5000. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion o
f your revolving credit limit.       Card Agreement                            I
f you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before yo
u can use your Card Account.                 The terms of the Card Agreement wil
l take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card A
ccount,                 the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel
 your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement.         
        We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (inc
luding rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.            Special
 Notices                            Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws agai
nst discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to a
ll                 creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies ma
intain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.               
  The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.        
                                Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital proper
ty agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights
, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before w
e grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account
 is opened. Important Information About Adding An Authorized User            Bef
ore adding an authorized user to your Card Account you should know:             
               You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Ac
count by the authorized user.                Authorized users have access to you
r Card Account information.                                    Before adding an 
authorized user, you must let him/her know that we may report Card Account perfo
rmance                     to the credit reporting agencies in the authorized us
er's name.                                                     If we ask for inf
ormation about the authorized user, you must obtain their permission to share th
eir information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law.    
        Balance Transfer Information                            How to Make Bala
nce Transfers                                                           After re
ceiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the back of your 
card to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at our discretio
n. All balance transfers are subject to the standard purchase APR unless an intr
oductory and/or other promotional rate applies.                                 
                   If we give you the option to transfer a balance with your app
lication, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opened to pro
cess any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or modify y
our balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of your card.    
                                                You may transfer any amount, but
 the total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be le
ss than your available revolving credit limit. Be sure you don't transfer any di
sputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dispute rights.
 You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citi or its affiliat
es. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, please visit www.citi.com/af
filiatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.Continue to make pay
ments on your other accounts until you have confirmed this balance transfer has 
been received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount of the balance transfer direc
tly to that issuer. The available revolving credit limit for your new card will 
be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we approve.     
                   Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:   I
f you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on purchases 
made with your credit card unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the Ne
w Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance transfer
) in full by the payment due date each billing period.If you default under your 
Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on the balance transfer. Additio
nal Information    Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in connection
 with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason
, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for products a
nd services offered by other companies.Citi® ThankYou® RewardsSummary of the Cit
i Prestige® Card Terms and ConditionsWith the Citi Prestige Card, you can earn T
hankYou Points for purchases made on your card. Unless you are participating in 
a limited‐time offer, you will earn:-- 3 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on pu
rchases at airlines, hotels and travel agencies.-- 2 ThankYou Points for each $1
 spent on purchases at restaurants (including cafes, bars, lounges and fast food
 restaurants), and on select entertainment, including live entertainment, live t
heatrical productions, concerts, live sporting events, movie theaters, amusement
 parks (including zoos, aquariums, circuses and carnivals), tourist attractions 
(including museums, and art galleries), record stores, video rental stores and o
n-demand internet streaming media;Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases. You won't ea
rn 2X Points for purchases made at bakeries, restaurants/cafes inside certain de
partment, grocery or warehouse stores, sporting camps, public and private golf c
ourses, country clubs (including membership fees), stores that sell musical inst
ruments, video game arcades, bowling alleys, stores that primarily sell video ga
mes/accessories, charitable organizations that provide live entertainment, books
tores, sports complexes where you participate in the sport.-- 1 ThankYou Point f
or each $1 spent on other purchases including the non-qualifying purchases liste
d above.Only Purchases Earn Points. You'll earn Points for purchases using your 
Card Account, minus returns and refunds. The following types of transactions don
't qualify as purchases that earn points: use of checks that access your card ac
count, balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency purc
hases, money orders, wire transfers and similar cash‐like transactions, lottery 
tickets, gaming chips and similar betting transactions, interest and account fee
s, unauthorized charges, items returned for creditMerchant Codes. Each merchant 
‐ e.g., a retailer, business or any other place where you can make a purchase ‐ 
is assigned a code that indicates the merchant's area of business. For example, 
restaurants are generally assigned a specific merchant code. We don't assign or 
have any control over merchant codes. Codes are chosen and assigned by a third p
arty, who may change the codes from time to time. When you make a purchase at a 
merchant, we're provided the code for that merchant. If the code matches a categ
ory that gives you additional Points ‐ for example, if the merchant code tells u
s that you made a purchase at a restaurant, and you get additional Points for "d
ining out" purchases ‐ we'll give you the additional Points. Because we don't co
ntrol what code a merchant is assigned, sometimes a purchase that you think fits
 a certain category may not earn additional Points. For example, a restaurant lo
cated within a large retail outlet may not be assigned a "restaurant" code, but 
rather a "retailer" code. This means that if you receive additional Points for "
dining out," you won't earn additional Points for purchases at that restaurant. 
Or a restaurant located within a hotel may not be assigned a "restaurant" code, 
but rather a "hotel" code. This means that if you receive more Points for purcha
ses at a hotel than you receive for purchases at a restaurant, each purchase at 
that restaurant will be treated as a purchase at a hotel, and you'll receive add
itional Points. Please see our FAQs, including redemption information, at thanky
ou.com/terms Please see the Citi ThankYou Rewards Terms and Conditions at thanky
ou.com/terms, or call us at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) to request a complet
e copy of the Terms and Conditions. The Terms and Conditions include redemption 
information on the Citi ThankYou Rewards Program$250 Air Travel CreditPurchases 
made by the Primary cardmember and Authorized Users on the Card Account are elig
ible for this statement credit. Please allow 1-2 billing cycles after the qualif
ying incidental air travel fee is charged to your Card Account for statement cre
dit(s) to be posted to the account. This statement credit is an annual benefit a
vailable for purchases appearing on your billing statements from December throug
h the following December. Pending transactions that do not post in your December
 billing cycle will count towards the next year's Air Travel Credit. Airline Fee
s are defined as purchases made with airlines including Air fares, baggage fees,
 lounge access and some in-flight purchases. Please allow 1-2 billing cycles aft
er the qualifying air travel expense is charged to your Card Account for stateme
nt credit(s) to be posted to the account.We do not determine whether merchants a
ppropriately identify all transactions you make on your Card Account, but we do 
reserve the right to determine which purchases are eligible for the statement cr
edit. Cardmembers are responsible for payment of all charges on the Card Account
 regardless of eligibility for statement credit. To be eligible for this benefit
, the enrolled Card Account must be open and current at the time of statement cr
edit fulfillment.Cardmembers can call the number on the back of their card if st
atement credits have not posted to their Card Account after 2 billing cycles. Ca
rdmembers are responsible for payment of all charges on the Card Account regardl
ess of eligibility for statement credit.To be eligible for this benefit, the enr
olled Card Account must be open and current at the time of statement credit fulf
illment.International Complimentary Night Hotels and Resorts Program TERMS AND C
ONDITIONSThe primary cardholder will enjoy a complimentary fourth night with no 
black-out dates, when booking four consecutive nights at any hotel through Thank
you.com (powered by Connexions) or the Citi Prestige Concierge (the "Citi Presti
ge Concierge" is Aspire Lifestyles).  When booked through the Citi Prestige Conc
ierge, the statement credit provided for your complimentary night will be based 
on the average nightly rate of your stay (excluding taxes and fees).  When booke
d through Thankyou.com, the complimentary night savings will be provided at the 
time of booking and also be based on the average nightly rate of your stay (excl
uding taxes and fees).  Hotel Rates provided by Citi Prestige Concierge and at T
hankyou.com may vary.For additional information, please visit the FAQ section at
 www.citi.com/citiprestigeMastercard® is a registered trademark, and the circles
 design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.                
        Close