Discover Citi's Latest Cash Back Credit Card Designed Exclusively For Costco Members
GO BIG with cash back rewards Earn Costco cash rewards everywhere Visa® is accepted.

1Pricing & Information



Costco Anywhere Visa®Card by Citi


4.7Rated 4.72 out of 5 stars14394 ReviewsWrite a Review96% of respondents would recommend this to a friend{"@context":"http://schema.org/","@type":"AggregateRating","ratingValue":4.72,"reviewCount":14394,"itemReviewed":{"@type":"Product","@id":"102040-520-en_US"}}
Grab your Costco Membership Card and...

Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 1-800-259-3052 >TTY: Use Relay Service



Discover Citi's Latest Cash Back Credit Card Designed Exclusively For Costco Members
GO BIG with cash back rewards

Earn Costco cash rewards everywhere Visa® is accepted.Costco Anywhere Visa®Card by Citi
Grab your Costco Membership Card and...

Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 1-800-259-3052 >TTY: Use Relay Service



The Costco Anywhere Visa Card by Citi helps you get the most from your membership by letting you earn cash back on all your purchases, including purchases at Costco and Costco.com. As a Costco member you can apply for a credit card today so you can earn cash back rewards. Not yet a Costco member? Join Costco.
Earn rewards with a card designed exclusively for Costco members.
No matter where you're traveling, when you use your Costco Anywhere Visa Card by Citi there are no foreign transaction fees on purchases.1
Annual Fee: No annual fee with your paid Costco membership1Rewards
4%
CASH BACK ON ELIGIBLE
GAS WORLDWIDE,
INCLUDING GAS AT COSTCO,
for the first $7,000 per year
and then 1% thereafter
3%
CASH BACK ON
RESTAURANT AND
ELIGIBLE TRAVEL
PURCHASES WORLDWIDE
2%
CASH BACK ON ALL
OTHER PURCHASES
FROM COSTCO AND
COSTCO.COM
1%
CASH BACK
ON ALL OTHER
PURCHASES
Making purchases for your
business?
APPLY NOWRewards Program Details
Get rewarded with cash back rewards
Earn Costco cash rewards everywhere Visa® is accepted. Enjoy worldwide card acceptance when you shop.
Use the Costco Anywhere Visa card as your Costco membership ID.
Need a Costco membership? Join Costco.
Redeeming Costco Cash Rewards
Cash back will be provided as an annual credit card reward certificate once your February billing statement closes, and is redeemable for cash or merchandise at U.S. Costco Warehouses.Purchase Protection
Damage & Theft Purchase Protection
Shop with more confidence — Damage & Theft Purchase Protection may cover you for repairs or a refund if purchases made with your Citi card are damaged or stolen within 120 days of purchase (90 days for New York residents).
Extended Warranty
Extends the manufacturer’s warranty so you can feel more confident when you make purchases with your Citi card.
APPLY NOWTravel Protection
Trip Cancellation & Interruption Protection
Travel plans can go awry for many reasons. If certain unforeseen events get in the way of your trip, you may be reimbursed for non–refundable trip expenses, like change fees, provided you paid for the trip with your Citi card.
Worldwide Car Rental Insurance
Be more confident at the rental car counter — you may be covered against theft or damage to a rental car when you pay for your rental with your Citi card and decline the rental company’s collision loss/damage insurance.
Worldwide Travel Accident Insurance
Travel with more peace of mind when you pay for your trip with your Citi card. Worldwide Travel Accident Insurance is a type of coverage that you hope to never need, but it may offer some financial help to you or your loved ones if a tragic accident does occur.
Travel & Emergency Assistance
If you need assistance before or during a trip, services are available 24/7 for emergency travel arrangements, travel issues, medical and legal referrals and much more. You won’t have to scramble to find services close to your location or worry about asking for help when you don’t speak the language. Referrals or assistance is at no cost, but you will pay for the services you use.