UDAP T&C
		
			
				
					
					
							CITI DISCLOSURES
					
									
				
					
					
							Interest Rates and Interest Charges
					
									
				
					
					
													Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
							
						
							
														 
								17.99% to 25.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
								 
														
							
								
								
								
								These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a							
						
					
					
					
					
					
					
						
						
							APR for Cash Advances
						
												
						
							22.49%
							
							
							This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b							
						
					
					
					
					
					
						
						
							Penalty APR and When it Applies
						
												
						
							Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
																	
							
							This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c
														
							This APR may be applied to your account if you:
							 
							
							(1) Make a late payment or (2) Make a payment that is returned.
							
 
							
							How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.
								
											
					
					
					
					
						
						
							How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases
						
												
						
							Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. 							
						
					
					
					
					
					
						
							
							Minimum Interest Charge
							
												
							
							If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than 50 cents.							
						
		
					
										
				
					
	
	
	
		
			
				
									
				
					
					
							Fees
						
									
				
					
					
						
						
							Annual Fee
							
												
							 
							$99. However, the annual fee is waived for the first 12 months.							
						
					
					
					
					
					
						
						
							Transaction Fees
													
						
											
							
						
							
							Cash Advance
							
							
							
							Foreign Purchase Transaction
							
							
							
														
						
						
							
							
						
							
							Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.							
						
							
							None									
							
						
					
					
					
					
					
					
						
						
							Penalty Fees
							
						
							
							
								
								Late Payment							
							
							
							
							
							
							Returned Payment
							
							
							
												
							
							
							
								
								Up to $37							
							
							
								
								Up to $37
 
								
 									
						
					
					
										
					
				
					
	
	
	
		
			
				
					How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new transactions)." 
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
					Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest APR balance first.
				
				
				
				
					Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 5.5% Prime Rate.
				
				
				
				
				
			
				
				 
	 
		a We add 12.49% to 20.49% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase APR. 
	 
	
 		
				
							
			
				
				
					b We add 16.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. 
				
							
			
				
				
					c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. 
				
							
			
				
				Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.
							
		
					
	
	
		
	
			
		 
		
			
						
						
						
				 
			
 
	 
	
	 
	
		 
					
					
					
				
		 	 
		
	CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Mastercard® Terms & Conditions
This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.By submitting this application, you request on behalf of yourself and the business referenced in this application (the "Business"), that Citi establish a CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Mastercard® (the "Card Account") on behalf of you and the Business and issue a CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Mastercard® ("Card") accessing such Card Account to you and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all information provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate. Both you and the Business shall be liable individually and jointly for all charges and balances on the Card Account. The Card Accountand Cards(s) are to be used for business purposes only and governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued. The Card Agreement and its terms may be amended from time to time.Identity VerificationIMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account.In addition, the bank must obtain the business' legal name, its street address, and its taxpayer identification number. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any employees you add to your account.
Credit ReportsYou authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you and the Business from credit reportingagencies and other sources, for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, verifying your identity and that of the Business, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and services and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we requested credit bureau reports and the names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports.From time to time, we may report Card Account information to credit reporting agencies.
Credit Information
If you are approved for a Card Account, a specific revolving credit line will be assigned based upon your credit report and/or the credit report of the Business and other information we may request. If you receive your Card and want to request a higher revolving credit line than issued, contact us. You understand that we may require that you submit additional documentation, such as the Business's financial statements, in order to process your request for a credit line increase. The Authorized Officer must be 18 years of age or older.
 
Card Agreement
If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. 
The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account, 
the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement. 
We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.
Information Sharing You authorize us to report to American Airlines, AAdvantage® miles earned with us. You also authorize us to share with American Airlines information you provided to us on the application and experiential and transactional information regarding your activity with us. 
Special Notices
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all 
creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. 
The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened.
 Important Information About Adding An Authorized UserBefore adding an authorized user to your Card Account you should know:You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.
Authorized users have access to your Card Account information. If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law. 
Additional Information
Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for products and services offered by other companies.
Award Program Information
American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® program and its terms and conditions at any time without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® program with six months' notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use the awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless specified, AAdvantage® miles earned through this promotion/offer do not count toward elite-status qualification or AAdvantage Million Miler℠ status. American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. For complete details about the AAdvantage® program, visit aa.com/aadvantage.American Airlines, American Eagle, AAdvantage, AAdvantage MileUp, AAdvantage Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, Flagship, Admirals Club, Platinum Pro, AA Cargo, the Flight Symbol logo and the Tail Design are marks of American Airlines, Inc.Mastercard® is a registered trademark of Mastercard International, Incorporated.
 