UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  0% introductory APR for 15 mon
ths from date of account opening.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
    After that, your APR will be 14.99% to 24.99%, based on your creditworthines
s.                                                                              
                                                                                
                                                     These APRs will vary with t
he market based on the Prime Rate.a                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                             APR for Balance Transfers                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                               0% introductory APR for 15 months from date of fi
rst transfer when transfers are completed within 4 months from date of account o
pening.                                                                         
                                                                                
                                           After that, your APR will be 14.99% t
o 24.99%, based on your creditworthiness.                                       
                                                                                
                             These APRs will vary with the market based on the P
rime Rate.a                                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
     APR for Cash Advances                                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
   26.74%                                                                       
                                                                            This
 APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  Penalty APR and When it Applie
s                                                                               
                                                                                
                                                          Up to 29.99%, based on
 your creditworthiness.                                                         
                                                                                
                                                                         This AP
R will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c                           
                                                                                
                                        This APR may be applied to your account 
if you:                                                                         
                                                                           (1) M
ake a late payment or (2) Make a payment that is returned.                      
                                                                                
                                              How Long Will the Penalty APR Appl
y? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may a
pply indefinitely.                                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                 How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    Your due date is at least 23 days after the 
close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if
 you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                           Minimum Interest Char
ge                                                                              
                                                                                
                                                                         If you 
are charged interest, the charge will be no less than 50 cents.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Finan
cial Protection Bureau                                                          
                                                                                
                                                          To learn more about fa
ctors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of
 the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at                                    
                                      http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
           Fees                                                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   Annual Fee                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                     None                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                       Transaction Fees                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                             •                  
                                                                                
                                          Balance Transfer                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                 Either $5 or 3% of the amount o
f each transfer, whichever is greater.                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  •                             
                                                                                
                               Cash Advance                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, 
whichever is greater.                                                           
                                                                                
                                                                •               
                                                                                
                                             Foreign Purchase Transaction       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                3% of each purch
ase transaction in US dollars.                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  Penalty Fees                                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           •                                                    
                                                                                
                             Late Payment                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
           Up to $35                                                            
                                                                                
                                                        •                       
                                                                                
                                     Returned Payment                           
                                                                                
                                                                           Up to
 $35                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                           How We Will Calculate Your Balance: W
e use a method called "daily balance (including current transactions)."  Loss of
 Introductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if
 you make a late payment.   For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382
. New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Serv
ices at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit c
ard rates, fees and grace periods.  Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion
 of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, in
cluding transferred balances. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due
 will be applied to your highest rate balance first. Prime Rate: The variable ra
tes shown here are accurate based on a 4.75% Prime Rate.                        
                                                      a We add 10.24% to 20.24% 
to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.b We add 21.99%
 to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. c We add up to 26.74% to 
the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. Variable rate APRs will not exceed 
29.99%.                      Citi ThankYou® Preferred Card Terms &amp; Condition
s                    This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at l
east 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a separate account.Ci
tibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your acco
unt. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account a
pplication.By submitting this application, you request that Citibank, N.A. ("Cit
ibank") establish a Citi ThankYou® Preferred Card account (the "Card Account") t
o you and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all informati
on provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate.The Card Account
 is governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when
 the Card Account is issued.                            Identity Verification   
                         IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NE
W ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laun
dering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, ve
rify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. T
his means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other info
rmation that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also
 ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain ide
ntification information about you or any authorized user you add to your account
.            Credit ReportsYou authorize us to get credit reports and other info
rmation about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, for such p
urposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, revi
ewing and renewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collect
ion and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and ser
vices and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whe
ther or not we requested a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of a
ny credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may 
report negative information about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies
, to consumer reporting agencies.    Credit Information    To receive a Card Acc
ount, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.     You
r revolving credit limit will be determined based on the following:            Y
our annual salary and wages        Any other annual income        A review of yo
ur debt, including the debt listed on your credit report        We'll inform you
 of your revolving credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits m
ay be as low as $1000. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portio
n of your revolving credit limit.       Card Agreement                          
  If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before
 you can use your Card Account.                 The terms of the Card Agreement 
will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Car
d Account,                 the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not can
cel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement.      
           We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (
including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.            Spec
ial Notices                            Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws a
gainst discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available t
o all                 creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies
 maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request.            
     The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.     
                                   Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital pro
perty agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rig
hts, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order befor
e we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your acco
unt is opened. Important Information About Adding An Authorized User            
Before adding an authorized user to your Card Account you should know:          
                  You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card
 Account by the authorized user.                Authorized users have access to 
your Card Account information.                                    Before adding 
an authorized user, you must let him/her know that we may report Card Account pe
rformance                     to the credit reporting agencies in the authorized
 user's name.                                                     If we ask for 
information about the authorized user, you must obtain their permission to share
 their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law. 
           Balance Transfer Information                            How to Make B
alance Transfers                                                           After
 receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the back of yo
ur card to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at our discre
tion. All balance transfers are subject to the standard purchase APR unless an i
ntroductory and/or other promotional rate applies.                              
                      If we give you the option to transfer a balance with your 
application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opened to 
process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or modif
y your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of your card. 
                                                   You may transfer any amount, 
but the total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be
 less than your available revolving credit limit. Be sure you don't transfer any
 disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dispute righ
ts. You can't transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citibank, N.A. or 
its affiliates. To see if your Card Account is issued by Citi, go to citi.com/af
filiatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.Continue to make pay
ments on your other accounts until you have confirmed this balance transfer has 
been received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount of the balance transfer direc
tly to that issuer. The available revolving credit limit for your new card will 
be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we approve.     
                   Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:   I
f you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on purchases 
made with your credit card unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the Ne
w Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance transfer
) in full by the payment due date each billing period.If you default under your 
Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on the balance transfer. Additio
nal Information    Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in connection
 with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason
, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for products a
nd services offered by other companies.Citi® ThankYou® RewardsSummary of the Cit
i ThankYou® Preferred Card Terms and ConditionsWith the Card Account, you can ea
rn ThankYou Points for purchases made on your card.   Unless you are participati
ng in a limited-time offer, you will earn:--2 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent 
on purchases at restaurants (including cafes, bars, lounges and fast food restau
rants), and on select entertainment, including live entertainment, live theatric
al productions, concerts, live sporting events, movie theaters, amusement parks 
(including zoos, aquariums, circuses and carnivals), tourist attractions (includ
ing museums, and art galleries), record stores, video rental stores and on-deman
d internet streaming media;Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases. You won't earn 2X P
oints for purchases made at bakeries, certain restaurants/cafes inside departmen
t, grocery or warehouse stores, sporting camps, public and private golf courses,
 country clubs (including membership fees), stores that sell musical instruments
, video game arcades, bowling alleys, stores that primarily sell video games/acc
essories, charitable organizations that provide live entertainment, bookstores, 
and sports complexes where you participate in the sport.-- 1 ThankYou Point for 
each $1 spent on other purchases including the non-qualifying purchases listed a
bove.Only Purchases Earn Points. Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that a
ccess your card account, items returned for credit, unauthorized charges, intere
st and account fees, travelers checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders,
 wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, gaming ch
ips (and similar betting transactions) do not earn ThankYou Points.Each merchant
 - e.g., a retailer, business or any other place where you can make a purchase -
 is assigned a code that indicates the merchant's primary area of business. We d
on't assign or have any control over merchant codes. Codes are chosen and assign
ed by a third party, who may change the codes from time to time. When you make a
 purchase at a merchant, we're provided the code for that merchant and if the co
de matches a category that gives you additional points, you will earn the additi
onal points. Because we don't control what code a merchant is assigned, sometime
s a purchase that you think fits a certain category may not earn additional poin
ts. For example, a restaurant located within a large retail outlet may not be as
signed a "restaurant" code, but rather a "retailer" code. This means that if you
 receive additional points for "dining out," you won't earn additional points fo
r purchases at that restaurant. Or a restaurant located within a hotel may not b
e assigned a "restaurant" code, but rather a "hotel" code. This means that if yo
u receive more points for purchases at a hotel than you receive for purchases at
 a restaurant, each purchase at that restaurant will be treated as a purchase at
 a hotel, and you'll receive additional Points. Please see our FAQs at thankyou.
com/help or call the ThankYou Service Center at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) 
for more information about merchant codes and categories.You may earn ThankYou P
oints as long as your Card Account is open and current. If your Card Account is 
closed, you will not be able to earn and redeem ThankYou Points and you will los
e any accumulated ThankYou Points that have not been transferred to your ThankYo
u Member Account (we will set up a ThankYou Member Account for you).ThankYou Rew
ards may be terminated with 30 days prior written notice. If ThankYou Rewards is
 terminated, you will have 90 days from ThankYou Rewards termination date to red
eem all your accumulated ThankYou Points. The ThankYou Rewards program may be ch
anged at any time. Rewards offered by ThankYou Rewards and the ThankYou Point le
vels required for specific rewards are subject to change without notice.ThankYou
 Points earned from purchases post to your Card Account at the close of each bil
ling cycle, and at that time we will transfer the ThankYou Points you earned to 
your ThankYou Member Account. (Bonus ThankYou Points may take one to two additio
nal billing cycles to post to your Card Account). ThankYou Points are not eligib
le for redemption until they are transferred to your ThankYou Member Account.Ple
ase see the Citi ThankYou Rewards Terms and Conditions at thankyou.com/terms, or
 call us at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) to request a complete copy of the Te
rms and Conditions. The Terms and Conditions include redemption information on t
he Citi ThankYou Rewards Program.                        Close