An Airline Miles Credit Card with AAdvantage® Elite Travel Rewards
*Pricing Details
                                            American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles are not available if you have received a new account bonus for a Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive account in the past 48 months.
                                        
Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite Mastercard®
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 
Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite Mastercard®
                                        American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles are not available if you have received a new account bonus for a Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive account in the past 48 months.
                                    
The Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive card is one of Citi’s best travel credit cards for flights on American Airlines. Earn American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles and enjoy AAdvantage® elite travel benefits with the only airline miles credit card to offer Admirals Club® membership. Start exploring the world with this exciting travel rewards credit card from Citi.
Annual Fee: $*
Admirals Club® membership including access to nearly 50 lounge locations worldwide. Up to two guests or immediate family (spouse, domestic partner and/or children under 18 years of age) may accompany the member.2
Purchase Rate % — % variable APR based on your creditworthiness*
Exceptional Travel Benefits
Receive a statement credit As reimbursement for your application fee for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® (up to $100 every 5 years). 2
Enhanced Airport Experience Enjoy priority check-in, priority airport screening (where available) and priority boarding privileges for you and up to eight travel companions on the same reservation.2
No Foreign Transaction Fees on purchases.1
Reward Program Details
Earn 2 AAdvantage® miles for every $1 spent On eligible American Airlines purchases2 and 1 AAdvantage® mile for every $1 spent on other purchases.2
You will earn 10,000 AAdvantage® Elite Qualifying Miles (EQMs) after you spend $40,000 in purchases within the year.2
25% Savings on inflight food and beverage purchases when you use your card on American Airlines flights.2
Apply Now
Other Citi® Benefits
Banking Relationship Annual Credit
Exclusively for Qualifying Citigold Clients
Each cardmember year, earn a $145 statement credit when you have a qualifying Citigold account, are billed a $450 Annual Fee, and remain a cardmember.2
Citi EntertainmentSM
Citi Entertainment takes the once out of once in a lifetime. Get special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events annually, including presale tickets and exclusive experiences for the year's most anticipated concerts, sporting events, dining experiences and more. In addition, receive access to select exclusive event offers with your Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive Card.
Purchase Protection
$0 Liability on Unauthorized Charges
You're completely protected against unauthorized charges on your account. At Citi, you will not be responsible for a charge that you did not authorize, online or otherwise.
Convenience
Digital Wallets
Digital Wallets let you shop with confidence in millions of places online, within apps and in stores. With digital wallets you can speed through checkout and continue to enjoy all the great benefits that come with your card. Learn how to get started and how digital wallets can help protect your card information at citi.com/digitalservices.
Dedicated Concierge
With Dedicated Concierge, you’ll have access to a staff of experts for help with your foreign and domestic travel, shopping, dining, household, and entertainment needs.
Tap Your Card With Contactless Pay
Shop safely with a contactless-chip enabled card. Just tap your card on the payment reader and go in seconds.
*Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive Pricing Details
The standard variable APR for purchases is % - % based on your creditworthiness and also applies to balance transfers and Citi Flex Plan. The standard variable APR for cash advances is %. The variable Penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. The annual fee is $. Minimum interest charge is $0.50. Fee for Foreign Purchases - None. Cash advance fee - either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee - either $ or % of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
Certain terms and conditions apply.
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
What others are saying about this card:Please note that the terms and benefits of this product may change over time.
Citi does not guarantee the accuracy of these reviews. Benefits, fees, terms, and offers mentioned in reviews may change over time.
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 
