*PricingThe standard variable APR for purchases is 17.49% to 26.49% based on your creditworthiness. The standard variable APR for cash advances is 26.74%. The variable Penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. The annual fee is $99. However, this fee is waived for the first 12 months. Minimum interest charge – $0.50. Fee for foreign purchases – None. Cash advance fee – either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. ↩Offer availabilityStatement credit and American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles are not available if you have received a statement credit or American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles for a new CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® account in the past 48 months.Bonus milesBalance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) are not purchases. American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles typically will appear as a bonus in your AAdvantage® account 8-10 weeks after you have met the purchase requirements. Miles may be earned on purchases made by primary credit cardmember and employee cardmembers. Miles earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account.**$200 statement creditNew credit cardmembers approved through this offer will receive statement credits on eligible American Airlines purchases made to their new CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® credit card (in one transaction or several), up to a maximum total of $200 in the first 12 months of account opening. Eligible American Airlines purchases are items billed by American Airlines as merchant of record booked through American Airlines channels (AA.com, American Airlines reservations, and American Airlines airport and city ticket counters). Products or services that do not qualify are car rentals and hotel reservations (except taxes and charges paid when redeeming miles for car/hotel), purchase of elite status boost or renewal and AA Cargo℠ products and services. If instantly authorized, credit cardmembers will receive temporary account information and a temporary minimum credit limit. This temporary account information can be used during payment for the current eligible American Airlines purchases at time of checkout to receive the statement credit. If not instantly authorized, the new credit card account can be used on future eligible American Airlines purchases to earn the statement credit so long as those purchases occur within 12 months of account opening. Statement credit(s) will appear on the monthly credit card billing statement from Citi within 8-10 weeks from when the purchase is made.First checked bag freeFor benefit to apply, the CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® account must be open 7 days prior to air travel, and reservation must include the primary credit cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel. If your credit card account is closed for any reason, these benefits will be cancelled.Eligible CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® primary credit cardmembers may check one bag free of charge when traveling on domestic itineraries marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on itineraries marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airlines Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc. All flights on the itinerary must be domestic flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by American Airlines or American Eagle. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. For the CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® card, up to four (4) companions traveling with the eligible primary credit cardmember will also get their first checked bag free of charge if they are listed in the same reservation. Benefit does not apply to overweight or oversized bags. This benefit cannot be combined with any existing AAdvantage® elite program benefits, or with First or Business class benefits, including any waiver of baggage charges. Please see aa.com/baggage » for baggage weight and size restrictions. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.Double miles on American Airlines purchasesEligible American Airlines purchases are items billed by American Airlines as merchant of record booked through American Airlines channels (AA.com, American Airlines reservations, American Airlines Admirals Club® and American Airlines airport and city ticket counters). Products or services that do not qualify are car rentals and hotel reservations (except taxes and charges paid when redeeming miles for car/hotel), purchase of elite status boost or renewal, and AA Cargo℠ products and services. Miles earned will be typically posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.Double miles on purchases in select business categoriesEarn 2 AAdvantage® miles per $1 spent on purchases at certain telecommunications merchants, car rental merchants, cable and satellite providers, and at gas stations. Telecommunications merchants are classified as merchants that sell telecommunications equipment such as telephones, fax machines, pagers, and cellular phones, along with providers of telecommunications services including local and long-distance telephone calls and fax services. Car rental merchants are classified as providers of short-term or long-term rentals of cars, trucks, or vans. Cable and satellite providers are classified as merchants that provide the connection and ongoing delivery of television, internet (computer network, information services, email website hosting services) telephone and radio programming via cable or satellite on a subscription or fee basis. Gas stations are classified as merchants that sell fuel primarily for consumer use and may or may not be attended.Certain non-qualifying purchases: Car rental purchases not eligible to receive double miles include purchases at merchants that rent motor homes or other recreational vehicles and purchases made through travel agencies, tour operators and online third party travel sites. Gas station purchases not eligible to receive double miles include, but are not limited to, purchases made at warehouse clubs that do not code gas station purchases under a gas station code, discount stores, department stores and convenience stores.Merchant classification for rewards categories: Merchants are assigned a merchant category code (“MCC”), which is determined in accordance with Visa/Mastercard/American Express procedures based on the kinds of products and services the merchants primarily sell. Citi does not control the assignment of these codes and are not responsible for the codes used by merchants. When you use your card to make a purchase, Citi is provided an MCC for that purchase. Citi groups similar merchant codes into categories for purposes of making rewards offers. Sometimes you may expect a purchase to fit within a rewards category, but if the code assigned to the merchant wasn’t grouped into that category, your purchase will not qualify for additional miles. [For example, you won't earn additional miles for purchases at a restaurant located within a retailer if the restaurant is assigned a “retailer” code instead of a “restaurant” code.] Please also note – purchases made through mobile/wireless technology may not earn additional miles depending on how the technology is set up to process the purchase. We reserve the exclusive right to determine which purchases qualify for additional miles.Citi® reserves the right to determine which purchases qualify for this offer. Miles may be earned on purchases made by primary credit cardmembers and authorized users. Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) account do not earn miles. Miles earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8–10 weeks.1 mile per $1AAdvantage® miles are earned on purchases, except balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your credit card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions). Miles may be earned on purchases made by primary credit cardmembers and authorized users. Miles earned will be posted to the primary credit cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.Preferred boardingFor benefit to apply, the CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® account must be open 7 days prior to air travel, and reservation must include the primary credit cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel. If your credit card account is closed for any reason, this benefit will be cancelled. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Up to four (4) companions traveling with and listed in the same reservation as the CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® primary credit cardmember are eligible to board at the same time as the primary credit cardmember. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.Eligible CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® credit cardmembers board after Priority boarding is complete, but before the rest of economy boarding. The boarding benefit will display on your American Airlines boarding pass as Group 5. This benefit applies on flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airlines Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc.25% savings on eligible inflight purchases of food and beverageCitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® credit cardmembers will receive a 25% savings on inflight purchases of food and beverages on flights operated by American Airlines when purchased with their CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® card. Savings do not apply to any other inflight purchases. This benefit applies to domestic flights marketed and operated by American Airlines or on domestic flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airlines Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc. This benefit is not available on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Offer is available on eligible flights as long as supplies last. Savings will appear as a statement credit 8-10 weeks after the transaction is posted to the credit cardmember's card account. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.25% savings on inflight Wi-Fi purchasesReceive a 25% savings when you use your CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Platinum® Select credit card for the purchase of inflight Wi-Fi service from American Airline’s Wi-Fi merchants Gogo, Viasat, or Panasonic, and on American Airlines’ Wi-Fi Subscription Plan. This benefit applies to flights marketed and operated by American Airlines or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airlines Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc. This benefit is not available on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Savings will appear as a statement credit 8-10 weeks after the transaction is posted to the credit cardmember's card account. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.American Airlines Companion CertificateThe primary credit cardmember will earn a $99 domestic economy fare American Airlines Companion Certificate provided that: (1) $30,000 or more in eligible purchases are made with the CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® credit card during the credit cardmembership year (each 12 month period prior to the account anniversary date) and (2) the account remains open for at least 45 days after the anniversary date. After these conditions are met, please allow at least 8-10 weeks for delivery of the Companion Certificate. When used according to its terms, the primary credit cardmember will pay a $99 companion ticket fee plus $21.60 to $43.20 in government taxes and fees, depending on itinerary, for one round trip qualifying domestic economy fare ticket for a companion when an individual round trip qualifying domestic Main Cabin fare ticket is purchased and redeemed through American Airlines Meeting Services. Travel must be booked and purchased in select Main Cabin inventory. The certificate will be valid one year from issue. Valid for travel on flights within the 48 contiguous United States on flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airlines Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc. For residents of Alaska and Hawaii, the companion certificate is valid for round-trip travel originating in either of those two states and continuing to the 48 contiguous United States. The Companion Certificate is not redeemable for air travel on any oneworld® carrier or on an American Airlines codeshare flight. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice. Details, terms and conditions, certain restrictions, and restricted dates apply and will be disclosed on the certificate.Authorized userEmployees may be added to the account as authorized users. Miles earned on an authorized user’s credit card will be allocated to the AAdvantage® account of the primary credit cardholder and not to the authorized user. You must pay us for all charges made or allowed by authorized users. Authorized users are able to get account information. You need the authorized user's permission to give us any information about them that we request and to allow us to share information about them as allowed by applicable law. This includes information we may get from you, any authorized user and others. It also includes information about their transactions on the account.American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® program and its terms and conditions at any time without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® program with six months’ notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use the awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless specified, AAdvantage® miles earned through this promotion/offer do not count toward elite-status qualification or AAdvantage Million Miler℠ status. American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. For complete details about the AAdvantage® program, visit aa.com/aadvantage ».Travel booked on American Airlines may be American Eagle® service, operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., Republic Airlines Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., or Piedmont Airlines, Inc.American Airlines, American Eagle, AAdvantage, AAdvantage Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, Flagship, Admirals Club, Platinum Pro, AAdvantage MileUp, AA Cargo, the Flight Symbol logo and the Tail Design are marks of American Airlines, Inc.oneworld is a mark of the oneworld Alliance, LLC.Citibank is not responsible for products or services offered by other companies. Cardmember program terms are subject to change.Mastercard and the Mastercard Brand Mark are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.World Elite is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.© 2019 Citibank, N.A. Citi, Citi and Arc Design and other marks used herein are service marks of Citigroup Inc. or its affiliates, used and registered throughout the world.           