UDAP T&C
   
 
 CITI DISCLOSURES
 
  
 
 Interest Rates and Interest Charges
 
  
 
 Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
  17.99% to 25.99%, based on your creditworthiness.  
 These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a 
 
 
 
 
 APR for Balance Transfers 17.99% to 25.99%, based on your creditworthiness, for transfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a 
 
 
 
 
 APR for Cash Advances 27.49%
 
 
 This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b 
 
 
 
 
 Penalty APR and When it Applies Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness. 
 This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c
  
 This APR may be applied to your account if you: 
 (1) Make a late payment or (2) Make a payment that is returned.
 
 
 
 How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.
 
 
 
 
 How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases  Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. 
 
 
 
  
 Minimum Interest Charge
  
 If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than 50 cents.  
 
 
 
 
 For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
 
 http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
 
 
  
 
 
    
 
 Fees  
 
 Annual Fee
  
 $495 for the primary cardmember.$75 for each authorized user. 
 
 
 
 
 Transaction Fees 
 
											 Balance Transfer 										
										 
												 
 Cash Advance	
 									
										
										 
												 
 Foreign Purchase Transaction
 
										
											
																														
										
 
 Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
 
												
 
Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
 
 
 None										 
 
 
 
 
 
 Penalty Fees 
 		
										
 
Late Payment 
											
												 
												 
											
 
														Returned Payment
																					
									
	
																			
												 
											
 
Up to $39											
 																							Up to $39
 
											 
																						
   
 
 	
		
		 How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current transactions)." 
		
		For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit card rates, fees and grace periods.
		
		Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest rate balance first.
		
		
		 
		
		Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 5.5% Prime Rate.		 
		
		
			
				
				 
	 
		a We add 12.49% to 20.49% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR. 
	 
	
 		
				
							
			
				
				
					b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. 
				
							
			
				
				
					c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. 
				
							
			
				
				Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.
							
				
			
 
		
		
						 
			
			
			
			
	Citi Prestige® Card Terms & Conditions
	This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a separate account.
Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.
			
		By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a Citi Prestige® Card account (the "Card Account") to you and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all information provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate.
The Card Account is governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.
		
Identity VerificationIMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any authorized user you add to your account.	Credit Reports
	
		You authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, 
		for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, 
		credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and services 
		and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we requested a credit bureau report and the 
		names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information 
		about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.
 
	Credit Information
To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.
 
Your revolving credit limit will be determined based on the following:
Your annual salary and wages
Any other annual income
A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit reportWe'll inform you of your revolving credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $5000. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your revolving credit limit. 
Card Agreement
If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. 
The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account, 
the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement. 
We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.
Special Notices
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all 
creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. 
The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened.
 Important Information About Adding An Authorized UserBefore adding an authorized user to your Card Account you should know:You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.
Authorized users have access to your Card Account information.Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know that we may report Card Account performance 
to the credit reporting agencies in the authorized user's name.
 If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law.Balance Transfer Information
How to Make Balance Transfers After receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at our discretion. All balance transfers are subject to the standard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotional rate applies.
If we give you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of your card.
You may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available revolving credit limit. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citi or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, please visit www.citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.
Continue to make payments on your other accounts until you have confirmed this balance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount of the balance transfer directly to that issuer. The available revolving credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we approve.
Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:
 If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on purchases made with your credit card unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period.If you default under your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on the balance transfer. 
Additional Information
Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for products and services offered by other companies.
Citi® ThankYou® Rewards
Summary of the Citi Prestige® Card Terms and ConditionsWith the Citi Prestige Card, you can earn ThankYou Points for purchases made on your card. Unless you are participating in a limited‐time offer, you will earn:— 5 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on purchases at airlines and travel agencies.
— 5 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on purchases at restaurants (including cafes, bars, lounges and fast food restaurants).
— 3 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on purchases at hotels.
— 3 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on purchases at cruise lines.
— 1 ThankYou Point for each $1 spent on other purchases.
— If you became a Citi Prestige cardmember prior to 09/01/2018, you will continue to earn 2 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on select entertainment, including live entertainment, live theatrical productions, concerts, live sporting events, movie theaters, amusement parks (including zoos, aquariums, circuses and carnivals), tourist attractions (including museums, and art galleries), record stores, video rental stores and on- demand internet streaming media on purchases made through 08/31/2019.For purchases made on or after 09/01/2019, you will earn 1 ThankYou Point for each such purchase.Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases.
Restaurants - You won’t earn 5 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on purchases at restaurants for purchases made at bakeries, caterers, restaurants/cafes inside other establishments (such as hotels, department stores, grocery stores, discount and convenience stores or warehouse clubs), or purchases made through online dining delivery services.
Only Purchases Earn Points. You'll earn Points for purchases using your Card Account, minus returns and refunds. The following types of transactions don't qualify as purchases that earn points: use of checks that access your card account, balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders, wire transfers and similar cash‐like transactions, lottery tickets, gaming chips and similar betting transactions, interest and account fees, unauthorized charges, items returned for creditMerchant Classification.Each merchant - e.g., a retailer, business or any other place where you can make a purchase - is assigned a code (called a “merchant category code”) that indicates the merchant's primary area of business. We don't assign or have any control over merchant codes. Codes are chosen and assigned by a third party, who may change the codes from time to time and may not inform us of the change. When you make a purchase at a merchant, we're provided a code for that merchant and if the code we’re provided matches a category that gives you additional points or qualifies for the Travel Credit, you will earn the additional points or the Travel Credit. If the code we’re provided does not match a category that gives you additional points or qualify for the Travel Credit, you will not earn additional points or the Travel Credit. Sometimes, a merchant is assigned multiple codes and some of the codes will not match a category that gives you additional points or qualify for the Travel Credit. Because we don't control the codes assigned to merchants or the ways in which merchants choose to classify their businesses, sometimes a purchase that you expect to earn additional points or Travel Credit will not earn additional points or Travel Credit. For example, if you receive additional points for travel, you won't earn additional points or Travel Credit for travel packages purchased through a merchant that is not assigned a travel-related code. Also, you may not earn additional points or Travel Credit for purchases made through mobile/wireless card readers, depending on how the technology is set up to process the purchase. We reserve the exclusive right to determine which purchases qualify for additional points or Travel Credit. Please see our Earning Points FAQs at thankyou.com/help for more information.
$250 TRAVEL CREDITYour Card Account is eligible to receive statement credits of up to $250 per calendar year for Travel Purchases made by the Primary cardmember or Authorized Users and which appear on your billing statement during that calendar year (“Travel Credit”). Citi will automatically post available Travel Credit(s) after eligible Travel Purchases appear on your statement.Please allow one to two billing cycles after the qualifying purchase is charged to your Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the account.
	 Travel Purchases are defined as purchases made within the travel category, including purchases from airlines, hotels, car rental agencies, travel agencies/travel aggregators/tour operators, commuter transportation, ferries, commuter railways, subways, taxis/limousines/car services, passenger railways, cruise lines, bridge and road tolls, parking lots/garages, and bus lines.	 Cardmembers are responsible for payment of all charges on the Card Account regardless of eligibility for statement credit.	The Travel Credit is intended only for personal travel, and not for business travel.To be eligible for this benefit, the enrolled Card Account must be open and current at the time of statement credit fulfillment.
COMPLIMENTARY FOURTH NIGHT HOTEL BENEFITCardmembers will enjoy a complimentary fourth night with no black-out dates (“Fourth Night”), when booking at least four consecutive nights at any hotel only through thankyou.com or by phone at 1-800-THANKYOU (powered by Connexions) or the Citi Prestige Concierge (the “Citi Prestige Concierge” is Aspire Lifestyles) and subject to additional requirements stated below. Beginning 09/01/19, Citi Prestige Concierge will no longer be available for Fourth Night bookings and bookings must be made either online at thankyou.com or by phone at 1-800-THANKYOU in order to be eligible for the Fourth Night benefit.The amount due to you for the Fourth Night benefit will be based on the average nightly rate of your stay (excluding taxes and fees).When booked through the Citi Prestige Concierge, you will receive a statement credit for this amount within two billing cycles. When booked through thankyou.com or 1-800-THANKYOU, the complimentary night savings will be provided at the time of booking.Beginning 09/01/2019, cardmembers will be eligible for no more than two complimentary Fourth Night benefits per Card Account per calendar year. Bookings made prior to 9/01/19 will not count toward the two-stay cap in 2019.Booking through thankyou.com To receive your complimentary Fourth Night, you must 1) book a minimum of a four-consecutive-night hotel stay through thankyou.com and 2) pay for your complete stay with your Citi Prestige Card, a redemption of ThankYou Points, or a combination of ThankYou Points and your Citi Prestige Card. You must pre-pay for your reservation. As stated above, you will receive the complimentary night savings, based on the average nightly rate of your stay (excluding taxes and fees), at the time of your reservation.
	If booked through thankyou.com, all reservations must be changed or cancelled through thankyou.com or by calling 1-800-THANKYOU.
Booking through the Citi Prestige Concierge (only available through 08/31/19) To receive your complimentary Fourth Night, you must: 1) book a minimum of a four-consecutive-night hotel stay through the designated Citi Prestige Concierge and 2) pay for your complete stay with your Citi Prestige Card.
When booking through the Citi Prestige Concierge, you may either pre-pay for your entire stay at the time of booking, when available, or you may pay at hotel checkout. The full cost of your entire stay must be charged to your Citi Prestige Card. After an eligible stay has been charged to your account, you will receive a statement credit for your complimentary night, within two billing cycles.
	If booked through Citi Prestige Concierge, all reservations must be changed or cancelled through the Citi Prestige® Concierge.
	If a reservation is cancelled after an applicable statement credit has been issued, the statement credit relative to the offer will be reversed.
	Citi and Mastercard reserve the right to reverse a statement credit at their discretion, including, and without limitation, due to any refunds, returns, disputes, adjustments or fraudulent card activity.
Eligibility Requirements
	Reservations must be made by the primary cardmember.Reservations must be in the primary cardmember’s name.
	Only one complimentary night is eligible per each stay. A stay is consecutive nights booked and stayed on one reservation and does not include back-to back stays. Back-to back stays are stays at the same hotel booked on two reservations (as an example, you book four nights at a hotel on one reservation for Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday and book another four nights on another reservation for Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday. In this situation, you would only be eligible for one complimentary night for the eight-night stay).	Rates provided by Citi Prestige Concierge and at thankyou.com may vary.	For group reservations, or other reservations consisting of multiple rooms, only one room will qualify for one complimentary night
	Packaged rates, such as air and hotel, hotel and car rental do not qualify for this benefit.	Hotel imposed fees and incidental guest charges are the cardmember’s responsibility and are not included in the calculation of the Complimentary Fourth Night benefit.	Through 08/31/19, reservations made through any party or channel other than online at thankyou.com or Citi Prestige Concierge or by phone at 1-800-THANKYOU are not eligible for the complimentary Fourth Night benefit.	Beginning 09/01/19, reservations made through any party or channel other than online at Thankyou.com or by phone through 1-800-THANKOU are not eligible for the complimentary Fourth Night benefit.	The complimentary Fourth Night benefit is intended only for personal use by the primary cardmember, and not for business travel.For additional information, please visit the FAQ section at www.citi.com/citiprestigeMastercard® is a registered trademark, and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.
