Expedia Rewards Credit Card Offers Bonus Points







Earn 20,000 Expedia Rewards bonus points after $1,000 in purchases within  3 months of account opening.2
*Pricing Details


                        Expedia Rewards bonus points offer is not available if you have had an Expedia Rewards or Expedia Rewards Voyager account opened or closed in the past 24 months.
                    






Expedia® Rewards Card from Citi







Apply Now







Apply Now

Expedia® Rewards Card from Citi






                      Expedia Rewards bonus points offer is not available if you have had an Expedia Rewards or Expedia Rewards Voyager account opened or closed in the past 24 months.
                  

















            Citi partnered with Expedia, Inc. to bring you the Expedia Rewards Card, a Citi Expedia credit card that earns points to redeem toward travel rewards. Enjoy Silver status each year of Expedia card membership and a full range of other Citi card benefits.
Earn 20,000 Expedia Rewards bonus points  after $1,000 in purchases within  3 months of account opening.2
Purchase APR: 16.49% - 24.49% variable APR based on your creditworthiness.*
NEW No Foreign Transaction Fees on purchases.*
No Annual Fee*.










Rewards


Earn 3 Expedia Rewards bonus points
per $1 spent on eligible Expedia purchases including flights, hotels, activities and travel packages.1


Earn 1 Expedia Rewards bonus point
per $1 spent on other purchases.1










Rewards Program Details


Expedia Rewards Silver status is complimentary
for as long as you are a cardmember.2

Accelerate to Gold status
Earn one Elite Qualifying Hotel Night towards Expedia Rewards Gold status qualification for each increment of $2,500 in purchases made on the card between your January and December billing statements.2


No limit to the number of Expedia Rewards bonus points you can earn
and points won't expire as long as you earn or redeem points every 18 months.











Benefits You Deserve
Citi EntertainmentSM
              Citi Entertainment takes the once out of once in a lifetime. Get special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events annually, including presale tickets and exclusive experiences for the year's most anticipated concerts, sporting events, dining experiences and more.










Convenience
Digital Wallets Digital Wallets let you shop with confidence in millions of places online, within apps and in stores. With digital wallets you can speed through checkout and continue to enjoy all the great benefits that come with your card. Learn how to get started and how digital wallets can help protect your card information at citi.com/digitalservices.










*Expedia® Rewards Card From Citi Pricing DETAILS

                The standard variable APR for purchases is 16.49% to 24.49% based on creditworthiness and also applies to balance transfers and Citi Flex Plan. The standard variable APR for cash advances is 26.74%. The variable penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. Minimum finance charge $0.50. Fee for foreign purchases - None. Cash advance fee — either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee — either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

              
Certain terms and conditions apply. Coverage details will be provided upon card membership or you can visit www.cardbenefits.citi.com.

1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information






1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
















Apply Now







