Enjoy one of Citi's Introductory Low Interest Credit Cards
Low intro APR plus VIP Access.


1Pricing Details



Citi® Diamond Preferred® Credit Card


4.4Rated 4.35 out of 5 stars4032 ReviewsWrite a Review84% of respondents would recommend this to a friend{"@context":"http://schema.org/","@type":"AggregateRating","ratingValue":4.35,"reviewCount":4032,"itemReviewed":{"@type":"Product","@id":"102040-257-en_US"}}

Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 1-800-505-1675 >TTY: Use Relay Service



Enjoy one of Citi's Introductory Low Interest Credit Cards
Low intro APR

plus VIP Access.Citi® Diamond Preferred® Credit Card

Apply Now

Apply by Phone: 1-800-505-1675 >TTY: Use Relay Service



Make the most of great savings with the Citi® Diamond Preferred® card, by taking advantage of its introductory low APR on credit card balance transfers, as well as purchases with no annual fee.1
Apply for the Citi® Diamond Preferred® card and start saving today. Experience great benefits like VIP packages to concerts, sporting events and more with access to Citi® Private Pass®.
0% Intro APR for 18 months from date of account opening on purchases and 0% Intro APR for 18 months from date of first transfer of balance. Balance transfers must be completed within 4 months of account opening. After that, the variable APR will be 15.24% - 25.24%, based on creditworthiness.1
Balance Transfer Fee: Either $5 or 5% of the amount of each credit card balance transfer, whichever is greater.1
No Annual Fee1Benefits You Deserve
Citi® Private Pass®
Citi customers enjoy special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events annually, including presale tickets and VIP packages to concerts, sporting events, dining experiences, plus complimentary movie screenings and more, at citiprivatepass.comProtection
Citi® Identity Theft Solutions
Identity theft can happen to anyone. If it happens to you, Citi® Identity Theft Solutions can help you resolve the matter and get your life back on track. We assist you with identifying compromised accounts, filing police reports and taking steps to get your good name and good credit back.
APPLY NOWTravel Protection
EMV Chip Technology
Enjoy global acceptance and enhanced security when you use your credit card at merchants that use chip enabled terminals to accept your payment.Purchase Protection
$0 Liability on Unauthorized Charges
You're completely protected against unauthorized charges on your account. At Citi, you will not be responsible for a charge that you did not authorize, online or otherwise.
APPLY NOWConvenience
24/7 Customer Service
Questions about your Citi® card account? Just call the number on the back of your credit card for help with virtually every aspect of your cardmembership — 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
Automatic Account Alerts
Alerts keep you informed and stress-free. Once you've set up alerts, we'll remind you about your balance levels, payments due, or when you go over your credit limit, by email or directly on your mobile phone.
Choose your Payment Due Date
Choose to pay your bill on any available due date in the beginning, middle or end of the month. Enjoy the flexibility of paying your full balance or just the minimum payment due each month.
Citi® Cards with Apple Pay®
is another way Citi provides quick and easy payments. With a simple touch you can pay in-app or at over 200,000 stores with the iPhone®6, or in-app with the iPad Air® 2 and iPad miniTM 3. Plus, you'll still enjoy all of the benefits that come with your Citi card when you use Apple Pay to check out. Learn more at Citi.com/ApplePay

Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Pay, iPhone and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
Citi® Concierge
Citi® Concierge helps you save valuable time with a staff of specially-trained experts who are ready to assist you with your travel, shopping, dining, entertainment and everyday needs.