UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  17.49% to 25.49%, based on you
r creditworthiness.                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                              These APRs will vary with the mark
et based on the Prime Rate.a                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                      APR for Balance Transfers                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                        17.49% to 25.49%, based on your creditworthiness, for tr
ansfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              APR for Cash Advan
ces                                                                             
                                                                                
                                                            26.74%              
                                                                                
                                                     This APR will vary with the
 market based on the Prime Rate.b                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           Penalty APR and When it Applies                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  This APR will vary with the ma
rket based on the Prime Rate.c                                                  
                                                                                
                 This APR may be applied to your account if you:                
                                                                                
                                                    (1) Make a late payment or (
2) Make a payment that is returned.                                             
                                                                                
                       How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are inc
reased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          How to
 Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
             Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing c
ycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire ba
lance by the due date each month.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    Minimum Interest Charge                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  If you are charged interest, t
he charge will be no less than 50 cents.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
             For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   To learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at                                                           
               http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                    Fees        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Fee                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
              $50. However, the annual fee is waived for the first 12 months.   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           Trans
action Fees                                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                 •                                                              
                                                                              Ba
lance Transfer                                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
     Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      •                                                                         
                                                                   Cash Advance 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                               Either $10 or 5% 
of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                    •                                                           
                                                                                
 Foreign Purchase Transaction                                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                    3% of each purchase transaction in US dollars.              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                      Penalty Fees                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                               •                
                                                                                
                                                                 Late Payment   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                               Up to $35                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
            •                                                                   
                                                                         Returne
d Payment                                                                       
                                                                                
                               Up to $35                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                               H
ow We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (includ
ing current transactions)."  Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your introduct
ory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you make a late payment.   For more informa
tion call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. New York residents may contact the New Yor
k State Department of Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for
 comparative information on credit card rates, fees and grace periods.  Payment 
Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment
 Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, pay
ments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest rate balanc
e first. Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 4.75%
 Prime Rate.                                 a We add 12.74% to 20.74% to the Pr
ime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.                        
                     b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Adv
ances APR. c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR.
 Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.                      Citi® / AAdvant
age® Gold World EliteTM Mastercard® Terms &amp; Conditions                    Th
is offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. I
f you're married, you may apply for a separate account.Citibank, N.A., Sioux Fal
ls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 wee
ks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.By submittin
g this application, you request that Citibank, N.A. ("Citibank") establish a Cit
i® / AAdvantage® Gold World EliteTM Mastercard® account (the "Card Account") to 
you and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all information
 provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate.The Card Account i
s governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when t
he Card Account is issued.                            Identity Verification     
                       IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW 
ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money launde
ring activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, veri
fy, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. Thi
s means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other inform
ation that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also a
sk to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain ident
ification information about you or any authorized user you add to your account. 
           Credit ReportsYou authorize us to get credit reports and other inform
ation about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, for such pur
poses as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, review
ing and renewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collectio
n and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and servi
ces and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you wheth
er or not we requested a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of any
 credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may re
port negative information about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, 
to consumer reporting agencies.    Credit Information    To receive a Card Accou
nt, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.     Your 
revolving credit limit will be determined based on the following:            You
r annual salary and wages        Any other annual income        A review of your
 debt, including the debt listed on your credit report        We'll inform you o
f your revolving credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may
 be as low as $1500. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion 
of your revolving credit limit.       Card Agreement                            
If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before y
ou can use your Card Account.                 The terms of the Card Agreement wi
ll take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card 
Account,                 the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cance
l your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement.        
         We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (in
cluding rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.            Inform
ation Sharing You authorize us to report to American Airlines, AAdvantage® miles
 earned with us. You also authorize us to share with American Airlines informati
on you provided to us on the application and experiential and transactional info
rmation regarding your activity with us.   Special Notices                      
      Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require tha
t all creditors make credit equally available to all                 creditworth
y customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histori
es on each individual upon request.                 The Ohio Civil Rights Commis
sion administers compliance with this law.                                      
  Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral state
ment, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of
 such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have
 actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened. Important Informat
ion About Adding An Authorized User            Before adding an authorized user 
to your Card Account you should know:                            You're responsi
ble for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user. 
               Authorized users have access to your Card Account information.   
                                 Before adding an authorized user, you must let 
him/her know that we may report Card Account performance                     to 
the credit reporting agencies in the authorized user's name.                    
                                 If we ask for information about the authorized 
user, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and fo
r us to share it as allowed by applicable law.            Balance Transfer Infor
mation                            How to Make Balance Transfers                 
                                          After receiving your card, you can cal
l the customer service number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Bal
ance transfers are made available at our discretion. All balance transfers are s
ubject to the standard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotio
nal rate applies.                                                    If we give 
you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at leas
t 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer paym
ents. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request b
y calling the number on the back of your card.                                  
                  You may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your bala
nce transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available revolvi
ng credit limit. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charg
e amount because you may lose your dispute rights. You can't transfer balances f
rom other accounts issued by Citibank, N.A. or its affiliates. To see if your Ca
rd Account is issued by Citi, go to citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Ci
ti products and affiliates.Continue to make payments on your other accounts unti
l you have confirmed this balance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'
ll pay the amount of the balance transfer directly to that issuer. The available
 revolving credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of
 the transfers, including fees we approve.                        Things You Sho
uld Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:   If you transfer a balance with thi
s offer, interest will be charged on purchases made with your credit card unless
 your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement
 (including the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date
 each billing period.If you default under your Card Agreement you may lose any p
romotional APR on the balance transfer. Additional Information    Any benefit, r
eward, service or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may chang
e or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly i
ndicated. Citi isn't responsible for products and services offered by other comp
anies.Award Program InformationAmerican Airlines reserves the right to change th
e AAdvantage® program and its terms and conditions at any time without notice, a
nd to end the AAdvantage® program with six months' notice. Any such changes may 
affect your ability to use the awards or mileage credits that you have accumulat
ed. Unless specified, AAdvantage® miles earned through this promotion/offer do n
ot count toward elite-status qualification or AAdvantage Million Miler℠ status. 
American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other p
articipating companies. For complete details about the AAdvantage® program, visi
t aa.com/aadvantage.American Airlines, AAdvantage, American Eagle, the Flight Sy
mbol logo, Admirals Club, AAdvantage Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, 
Flagship and AA Cargo are trademarks of American Airlines, Inc.Mastercard® is a 
registered trademark of Mastercard International, Incorporated.                 
       Close