Earn American Airlines AAdvantage Miles with the AAdvantage MileUpSM Card
                    
                    
                        
                            
                                
                                    
                                        
                                            
                                                
                                                    Earn 10,000 American Airlines AAdvantage bonus miles and receive a $50 statement credit after
                                                    making $500 in purchases within the first 3 months of account opening.2 Plus, no annual fee.1
                                                
                                                
                                                    Annual Fee: $ (Fee waived for the first 12 months)1 -->
                                                    1Pricing & Information
                                                
                                            
                                        
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    American Airlines AAdvantage MileUpSM Card
                                    
                                       
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                        Apply Now
                                    
                                    Apply by Phone: 1-877-327-6442
                                    
                                    TTY: Use Relay Service
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    
                                        Apply Now
                                    
                                    Apply by Phone: 1-877-327-6442
                                    
                                    TTY: Use Relay Service
                                    
                                    American Airlines AAdvantage MileUpSM Card
                                    
                                        
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                    
                
            
        
    
    
    
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            Discover the world while earning AAdvantage miles using the AAdvantage MileUpSM Mastercard. Redeem your AAdvantage miles for flights, upgrades to First Class, car rentals, hotel stays or vacation packages.
                            Earn 10,000 American Airlines AAdvantage bonus miles and receive a $50 statement credit  after making $500 in purchases within the first 3 months of account opening.2
                            
                                
                             -->
                            Statement credit and American Airlines AAdvantage bonus miles are not available if you have had an AAdvantage MileUpSM card opened or closed in the past 24 months.
                            Purchase Rate: 18.24%  26.24% variable APR based on your creditworthiness                     
                        
                    
                
            
        
        
        
        
        
                
                    
                        
                            
                                Enjoy Great Benefits
                            
                        
                        
                            
                                
                                    
                                25% Savings on Inflight Foodand Beverage Purchases 25% savings on inflight purchases of drinks and snacks when you use your card on American Airlines flights.2
                                
                            
                            
                                
                                No Mileage Cap There’s no limit to the number of AAdvantage miles you can earn.
                            
                            
                                
                                Redeeming AAdvantage Miles Use your miles for award travel to over 1,000 destinations worldwide, with flexible redemption options for one-way or round trip awards on American Airlines. Your AAdvantage miles can also be redeemed for Business and First Class upgrades, car rentals, hotel stays or vacation packages. The choice is yours.
                            
                        
                    
                
            
            
            
                
                    
                        
                            
                                Reward Program Details
                            
                        
                        
                            
                                    
                              2X AAdvantage Miles atGrocery Stores Earn 2 AAdvantage miles for each $1 spent at grocery stores, including grocery delivery services.2
                                
                            
                            
                                2X AAdvantage Miles on EligibleAmerican Airlines Purchases Earn 2 AAdvantage miles for every $1 spent on eligible American Airlines purchases.2
                            
                            
                                1X AAdvantage Mile onAll Other PurchasesEarn 1 AAdvantage mile for every $1 spent on other purchases.2
                            
                            
                
            
            
            
                
                    
                        
                            
                                Savings
                                Citi Price RewindDid you get the lowest price on your Citi® card purchase? Let’s find out. Citi Price Rewind searches for a lower price on the registered items you pay for with your Citi card at hundreds of online merchants. If the same item is found at a lower price within 60 days of your initial purchase date, you may receive the difference between the price you paid and the lower price found by Citi Price Rewind. Citi Price Rewind does that hard work for you.
                            
                        
                    
                
            -->            
                
                    
                        
                            
                                Travel Protection
                                Travel Protection
                            
                            
                                
                                    
                                        EMV Chip Technology
Enjoy global acceptance and enhanced security when you use your credit card at merchants that use chip enabled
terminals to accept your payment.
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                    
                
                        
                
                    
                        
                            
                                Purchase Protection
                                
                                Extended WarrantyExtends the manufacturer’s warranty so you can feel more confident when you make purchases with your Citi card.
                            
                        
                    
                
                        
                
                    
                        
                            
                                Convenience
                                
                                
                                
                                   Citi Cards with Apple Pay is another way Citi provides quick and easy payments. With a simple touch you can pay in-app or at over 200,000 stores with the iPhone6, or in-app with the iPad Air 2 and iPad miniTM 3. Plus, you'll still enjoy all of the benefits that come with your Citi card when you use Apple Pay to check out. Learn more at       Citi.comApplePay
  
Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Pay, iPhone and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.                                   Citi ConciergeCiti Concierge helps you save valuable time with a staff of specially trained experts who are ready to assist you with your travel, shipping, dining, entertainment and everyday needs.
                                
                            
                        
                    
                
            
            
                
                    
                        
                            
                                AAdvantage MileUp Card Pricing Details
                                
                                
                                
                                   The standard variable APR for purchases is 18.24% to 26.24% based on your creditworthiness. Balance transfers also are subject to the standard variable purchase APR. The standard variable APR for cash advances is 27.49%. The variable Penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. Minimum interest charge is $0.50. Fee for Foreign Purchases  3% of the U.S. dollar amount of each purchase. Cash advance fee - either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee - either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
                                
                            
                        
                    
                
            
            
            
                
                    
                                                
                        
                        What others are saying about this card:Please note that the terms and benefits of this product may change over time.
                            
                             
                            Citi does not guarantee the accuracy of these reviews. Benefits, fees, terms, and offers mentioned in reviews may change over time.
                        
                    
                
            
        
        Ends Power Review -->
        
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            
                                
                                    Apply Now
                                
                                Apply by Phone: 1-877-327-6442
                                
                                TTY: Use Relay Service
                                
                            
                        
                        
                            
                                Certain terms and conditions apply. Coverage details will be provided upon card membership or you can visit www.cardbenefits.citi.com.
                                
                                1Pricing & Information
                                 2Additional Information