UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  15.49% to 24.49%, based on you
r creditworthiness.                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                              These APRs will vary with the mark
et based on the Prime Rate.a                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                      APR for Balance Transfers                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                        15.49% to 24.49%, based on your creditworthiness, for tr
ansfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              APR for Cash Advan
ces                                                                             
                                                                                
                                                            26.74%              
                                                                                
                                                     This APR will vary with the
 market based on the Prime Rate.b                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           Penalty APR and When it Applies                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  This APR will vary with the ma
rket based on the Prime Rate.c                                                  
                                                                                
                 This APR may be applied to your account if you:                
                                                                                
                                                    (1) Make a late payment or (
2) Make a payment that is returned.                                             
                                                                                
                       How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are inc
reased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          How to
 Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
             Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing c
ycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire ba
lance by the due date each month.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    Minimum Interest Charge                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  If you are charged interest, t
he charge will be no less than 50 cents.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
             For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   To learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at                                                           
               http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                    Fees        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Fee                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
              None                                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                Transaction Fees                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                      •                                         
                                                                                
                   Balance Transfer                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                          Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whiche
ver is greater.                                                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           •                                                    
                                                                                
        Cash Advance                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
    Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                         •                                      
                                                                                
                      Foreign Purchase Transaction                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                         3% of each purchase transaction in US d
ollars.                                                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                           Penalty Fees         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
    •                                                                           
                                                                                
      Late Payment                                                              
                                                                                
                                                                    Up to $35   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                 •                                              
                                                                                
              Returned Payment                                                  
                                                                                
                                                    Up to $35                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                    How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "
daily balance (including current transactions)."  Loss of Introductory APR: We m
ay end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you make a late paymen
t.   For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. New York residents ma
y contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 
or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit card rates, fees and gra
ce periods.  Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to
 your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred bal
ances. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to you
r highest rate balance first. Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accu
rate based on a 4.75% Prime Rate.                                 a We add 10.74
% to 19.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.   
                                          b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to d
etermine the Cash Advances APR. c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to deter
mine the Penalty APR. Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.                
      AT&amp;T Access Card from Citi Terms &amp; Conditions                    T
his offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. 
If you're married, you may apply for a separate account.Citibank, N.A., Sioux Fa
lls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 we
eks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.By submitti
ng this application, you request that Citibank, N.A. ("Citibank") establish a AT
&amp;T Access Card from Citi account (the "Card Account") to you and any authori
zed users you have designated. You agree that all information provided in this a
pplication must be verifiable and accurate.The Card Account is governed by the t
erms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is 
issued.                            Identity Verification                        
    IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help t
he government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, fe
deral law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record info
rmation that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we wil
l ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will all
ow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driv
er's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification informati
on about you or any authorized user you add to your account.            Credit R
eportsYou authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you fro
m consumer reporting agencies and other sources, for such purposes as: determini
ng whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing th
e Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servici
ng of the Card Account, and offering other products and services and for any oth
er uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we reques
ted a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of any credit bureaus tha
t provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative infor
mation about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporti
ng agencies.    Credit Information    To receive a Card Account, you must meet o
ur applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.     Your credit limit will b
e determined based on the following:            Your annual salary and wages    
    Any other annual income        A review of your debt, including the debt lis
ted on your credit report        We'll inform you of your credit limit when you 
receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $500. Please note that ca
sh advances may be limited to a portion of your credit limit.       Card Agreeme
nt                            If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll rec
eive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account.                 The 
terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Eve
n if you do not use your Card Account,                 the Card Agreement will t
ake effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send y
ou the Card Agreement.                 We have the right to make changes to the 
terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Car
d Agreement.            Special Notices                            Notice to Ohi
o Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors mak
e credit equally available to all                 creditworthy customers, and th
at credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individu
al upon request.                 The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers co
mpliance with this law.                                        Notice to Wiscons
in Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decr
ee adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, st
atement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge o
f its terms before your account is opened. Important Information About Adding An
 Authorized User            Before adding an authorized user to your Card Accoun
t you should know:                            You're responsible for all charges
 made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.                Auth
orized users have access to your Card Account information.                      
              Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know that w
e may report Card Account performance                     to the credit reportin
g agencies in the authorized user's name.                                       
              If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obta
in their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as
 allowed by applicable law.            Balance Transfer Information             
               How to Make Balance Transfers                                    
                       After receiving your card, you can call the customer serv
ice number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Balance transfers are 
made available at our discretion. All balance transfers are subject to the stand
ard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotional rate applies.  
                                                  If we give you the option to t
ransfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after you
r Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this t
ime, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the numbe
r on the back of your card.                                                    Y
ou may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your balance transfer plus b
alance transfer fees must be less than your available credit limit. Be sure you 
don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose
 your dispute rights. You can't transfer balances from other accounts issued by 
Citibank, N.A. or its affiliates. To see if your Card Account is issued by Citi,
 go to citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.Co
ntinue to make payments on your other accounts until you have confirmed this bal
ance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount of the bala
nce transfer directly to that issuer. The available credit limit for your new ca
rd will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we appro
ve.                        Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Of
fer:   If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on pu
rchases made with your credit card unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pa
y the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance 
transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period.If you default und
er your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on the balance transfer.
 Additional Information    Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in co
nnection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for an
y reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for pr
oducts and services offered by other companies.Important Account InformationBonu
s Points Offer DetailsTo earn your 10,000 bonus ThankYou Points, you must make $
1,000 in purchases in the first 3 months of account opening. Bonus ThankYou Poin
ts are not available if you have had an AT&amp;T Access card or AT&amp;T Access 
More card opened or closed in the past 24 months.Citi ThankYou® RewardsAT&amp;T 
Access Card from Citi Terms and ConditionsWith the Card Account, you can earn Th
ankYou Points for purchases made on your card.Unless you are participating in a 
limited–time offer, you will earn:2 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on product
s and services purchased directly from AT&amp;T, including payment of monthly ph
one, cable or internet bills.    Certain Non–Qualifying Purchases. You won't ear
n 2X Points for purchases from independent wireless dealers or AT&amp;T reseller
s unless you are paying for an AT&amp;T service, such as phone, cable or interne
t.2 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on eligible retail (including department s
tore websites, specialty store websites, warehouse store websites and boutique w
ebsites) and travel websites (including online travel agencies, and hotel and ai
rline websites)    Certain Non–Qualifying Purchases. You won't earn 2X Points fo
r purchases of and payments for medical services, insurance, taxes and governmen
t services, real estate, real estate rentals, purchases or reloading of prepaid 
or gift cards, education, charities and utilities.1 ThankYou Point for each $1 s
pent on other purchases, including the non–qualifying purchases listed above.Eac
h merchant – e.g., a retailer, business or any other place where you can make a 
purchase – is assigned a code that indicates the merchant's primary area of busi
ness. We don't assign or have any control over merchant codes. Codes are chosen 
and assigned by a third party, who may change the codes from time to time. When 
you make a purchase at a merchant, we're provided the code for that merchant and
 if the code matches a category that gives you additional points, you will earn 
the additional points. Because we don't control what code a merchant is assigned
, sometimes a purchase that you think fits a certain category may not earn addit
ional points. For example, a restaurant located within a large retail outlet may
 not be assigned a "restaurant" code, but rather a "retailer" code. This means t
hat if you receive additional points for "dining out," you won't earn additional
 points for purchases at that restaurant. Or a restaurant located within a hotel
 may not be assigned a "restaurant" code, but rather a "hotel" code. This means 
that if you receive more points for purchases at a hotel than you receive for pu
rchases at a restaurant, each purchase at that restaurant will be treated as a p
urchase at a hotel, and you'll receive additional Points. Please see our FAQs at
 thankyou.com/help or call the ThankYou Service Center at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-
842-6596) for more information about merchant codes and categories.You may earn 
ThankYou Points as long as your card account is open and current. If your Card A
ccount is closed, you will not be able to earn and redeem ThankYou Points and yo
u will lose any accumulated ThankYou Points that have not been transferred to yo
ur ThankYou Member Account (we will set up a ThankYou Member Account for you).Th
ankYou Rewards may be terminated with 30 days prior written notice. If ThankYou 
Rewards is terminated, you will have 90 days from ThankYou Rewards termination d
ate to redeem all your accumulated ThankYou Points. The ThankYou Rewards program
 may be changed at any time. Rewards offered by ThankYou Rewards and the ThankYo
u Point levels required for specific rewards are subject to change without notic
e.ThankYou Points earned from purchases post to your Card Account at the close o
f each billing cycle, and at that time we will transfer the ThankYou Points you 
earned to your ThankYou Member Account. (Bonus ThankYou Points may take one to t
wo additional billing cycles to post to your Card Account). ThankYou Points are 
not eligible for redemption until they are transferred to your ThankYou Member A
ccount.Please see the Citi ThankYou Rewards Terms and Conditions at thankyou.com
/terms, or call us at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) to request a complete copy
 of the Terms and Conditions. The Terms and Conditions include redemption inform
ation on the Citi ThankYou Rewards Program.Your Card Account may be closed based
 on signs of fraud or abuse relating to the earning or redeeming of ThankYou Poi
nts. If your Card Account is closed for any of these reasons, you may not be app
roved in the future for a Citi Credit Card account.Additional InformationAny ben
efit, reward, service, or feature offered in connection with your AT&amp;T Acces
s Card from Citi may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, excep
t as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi is not responsible for the products and
 services offered by other companies.©, N.A.Citi, Citibank, Citi with Arc Design
 and ThankYou are registered service marks of Citigroup Inc.©. All rights reserv
ed.AT&amp;T and the AT&amp;T logo are trademarks of AT&amp;T Intellectual Proper
ty, licensed to Citigroup Inc.                        Close