*Pricing					The standard variable APR for purchases is 17.24% to 25.24% based on your creditworthiness. Balance transfers also are subject to the standard purchase APR. The standard variable APR for cash advances is 26.74%. The variable Penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. The annual fee for this card is $450. Minimum interest charge — $0.50. Fee for Foreign Purchases — None. Cash advance fee — either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee — either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. ↩									Card Offer					American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles are not available if you have had any Citi® / AAdvantage® card (other than a CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® card) opened or closed in the past 24 months.									Bonus Miles					Balance transfers, cash advances, account fees, interest and items returned for credit are not purchases.American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles typically will appear as a bonus in your AAdvantage® account 8-10 weeks after you have met the purchase requirements. Miles may be earned on purchases made by primary cardmembers and authorized users. Miles earned will be posted to the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® account.									First Checked Bag Free					For benefit to apply, the Citi® / AAdvantage® account must be open 7 days prior to air travel, and reservation must include the primary cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel. If your credit card account is closed for any reason, these benefits will be cancelled. Eligible Citi® / AAdvantage® primary cardmembers may check one bag free of charge when traveling on domestic itineraries marketed and operated by American Airlines , or on domestic itineraries marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airline Corp., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Trans States Airlines, LLC. All flights on the itinerary must be domestic flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by American Airlines or American Eagle. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. For the Citi® / AAdvantage® card, up to eight (8) companions traveling with the eligible primary cardmember will also get their first checked bag free of charge if they are listed in the same reservation. Waiver does not apply to overweight or oversized bags. This benefit cannot be combined with any existing AAdvantage® elite program benefits, or with First or Business class benefits, including any waiver of baggage charges. Please see aa.com for baggage weight and size restrictions. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.									Double Miles On American Airlines Purchases					Eligible American Airlines purchases are items billed by American Airlines as merchant of record booked through American Airlines channels (AA.com, American Airlines reservations, and American Airlines airport and city ticket counters). Products or services that do not qualify are car rentals and hotel reservations (except taxes and charges paid when redeeming miles for car/hotel), purchase of elite status boost or renewal, and AA CargoSM products and services. Miles earned will be typically posted to the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.									1 Mile Per $1					AAdvantage® miles are earned on purchases, except balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions). Miles may be earned on purchases made by primary cardmembers and authorized users. Miles earned will be posted to the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.									Enhanced Airport Experience					For benefits to apply, the Citi® / AAdvantage®Executive World EliteTM Mastercard®account must be open 7 days prior to air travel AND reservation must include the primary cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage®number 7 days prior to air travel. If your credit card account is closed for any reason, these benefits will be cancelled. Citi®/ AAdvantage®Executive cardmembers will have the following benefits: priority check-in (where available), priority airport screening (where available), and priority boarding privileges. The priority boarding benefit will display on your American Airlines boarding pass as Group 4.These benefits apply when traveling on flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle®flights by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airline Corp., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Trans States Airlines, LLC. Up to eight (8) companions traveling with the eligible primary cardmember will also get priority check-in (where available), priority airport screening (where available), and priority boarding privileges if they are listed in the same reservation. You may check in at any Business Class check-in position or First Class check-in when Business Class is not available, regardless of the class of service in which you are traveling on American Airlines. These benefits will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Exclusive lanes at security checkpoints are available, subject to TSA approval. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.									25% Savings On Eligible Inflight Purchases					Citi® / AAdvantage® cardmembers will receive a 25% savings on inflight purchases of food and beverages on flights operated by American Airlines when purchased with their Citi® / AAdvantage® card. Savings do not apply to any other inflight purchases, such as wireless internet access. This benefit applies to domestic flights marketed and operated by American Airlines or on domestic flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC. This benefit is not available on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Offer is available on eligible flights as long as supplies last. Savings will appear as a statement credit 6-8 weeks after the transaction is posted to the cardmember's credit card account. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.									No Mileage Cap					There is no maximum number of American Airlines AAdvantage® miles that you can accumulate through your Citi® / AAdvantage® credit card account.									Reduced Mileage Awards					The Reduced Mileage Awards program allows Citi®/ AAdvantage®cardmembers to redeem American Airlines AAdvantage®miles for discounted round trip or one-way travel on MileSAAver®awards to destinations selected every other month. The MileSAAver®discount is 7,500 American Airlines AAdvantage®miles round trip or 3,750 one-way for this Citi®/ AAdvantage®card if travel booked is greater than 500 miles in distance. If travel booked is less than or equal to 500 miles in distance, which qualifies for a short haul MileSAAver® award, the mileage discount will be 2,000 American Airlines AAdvantage®miles round trip or 1,000 one-way for this  Citi®/ AAdvantage®card.Redemption of Reduced Mileage Awards applies only to bookings made by phone through American Airlines Reservations or through airport or city ticket centers. A $35 USD award service charge per person applies to AAdvantage®award reservations ticketed by our Travel Centers, or a $35 USD award service charge per person applies to AAdvantage®award reservations ticketed by our Airport Agents. This payment does not apply to AAdvantage®Executive Platinum members and American Airlines AirPass customers. All such additional amounts are subject to change. Flights and availability are subject to change without notice. For the complete list of Reduced Mileage Awards, visit  aa.com/reducedmileageawards									Mileage Expiration					American Airlines AAdvantage® miles will not expire provided that once every 18 months you earn or redeem miles on American Airlines, an affiliated carrier, or with an American Airlines AAdvantage® participant. For complete details, visit  aa.com/aadvantage.									Admirals Club® Membership And Authorized User Access					Only Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite TM Mastercard® primary cardmembers who are eighteen (18) years of age or older will receive full membership access privileges to Admirals Club® lounges. An Authorized User of the Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite TM Mastercard® who is eighteen (18) years of age or older will receive access privileges to American Airlines Admirals Club® lounges. Full Admirals Club® membership privileges do not apply to an Authorized User. An Admirals Club® membership includes access to other airline lounges and clubs with which American Airlines may have reciprocal lounge or club access privileges. Membership also includes special pricing on conference rooms and other special offers that are available exclusively to Admirals Club® members.  Neither membership nor the Authorized User access benefit provides access privileges to the Arrivals Lounge, International First Class Lounges, or Flagship® Lounge facilities, including Flagship® First Dining. Additionally, the Authorized User access benefit does not provide: (i) access privileges to other airline lounges or clubs with which American Airlines may have reciprocal lounge or club access privileges; or (ii) special pricing on conference rooms or other special offers. To locate a current list of Admirals Club® lounges please visit  aa.com/admiralsclub.To access an Admirals Club® lounge, the primary cardmember must present: (i) his or her (a) AAdvantage® number or (b) active and valid Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard®; (ii) his or her current government-issued I.D.; and (iii) any additional required documentation. To access an Admirals Club® lounge, an Authorized User must present: (i) his or her active and valid Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World EliteTM Mastercard®; (ii) his or her current government-issued I.D.; and (iii) any additional required documentation.  Either immediate family members (spouse or domestic partner and children under eighteen (18) years of age) or up to two (2) guests traveling with the primary cardmember or Authorized User may be admitted for free when accompanied by the primary cardmember or Authorized User.  All persons must be of valid drinking age, based on applicable law, to consume alcohol.If the primary cardmember is an Admirals Club® member on the date his or her Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World EliteTM Mastercard® card account is approved by Citi® and has sixty (60) or more days remaining on such current Admirals Club® membership, he or she is eligible to receive a prorated refund from American Airlines for any unused portion of his or her current Admirals Club® membership fee. The refund will be a prorated amount of the annual membership fee calculated based on the number of days remaining on such primary cardmember’s current Admirals Club® membership as of the date his or her Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World EliteTM Mastercard® card account is approved by Citi®. Refunds will be automatically made in the original form of payment within twelve (12) weeks of becoming a Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World EliteTM Mastercard® cardmember. Lifetime Admirals Club® members and AirPass members with Admirals Club® privileges are not eligible for a refund.Upon closure of the Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World EliteTM Mastercard® account, all Admirals Club® benefits and access associated with the account will be immediately terminated, including, but not limited to, all benefits afforded to Authorized Users. All Admirals Club® membership rules, terms and conditions apply. AMERICAN AIRLINES RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY ANY OR ALL RULES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. SUCH MODIFICATIONS SHALL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY AND INCORPORATED INTO THIS AGREEMENT. BY ACCESSING ANY ADMIRALS CLUB® LOUNGE YOU SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACCEPTED THE ADMIRALS CLUB® TERMS AND CONDITIONS. To review the complete Admirals Club® membership terms and conditions, visit  aa.com/admiralsclub.									Elite Qualifying Miles					The primary cardmember will earn 10,000 Elite Qualifying Miles (EQMs) after spending $40,000 in eligible purchases that post to the cardmember's account during a calendar year, January 1st to December 31st. A primary cardmember may earn the 10,000 EQMs only once each year, even if the cardmember has more than one Citi®/ AAdvantage® Executive account. EQMs earned are in addition to the AAdvantage® miles earned for purchases made on the credit card.   Purchases exclude returned goods and services, cash advances, convenience checks, transferred balances, credits, fees and interest charges. Purchases made through additional cards on the primary cardmember’s account (authorized users) will count toward the primary cardmember’s qualifying spend.  EQMs earned as a result of this offer will be typically posted to the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® account 6-8 weeks after meeting the $40,000 spend requirement. EQMs only count toward elite status qualification for the AAdvantage® program. EQMs earned through this offer will not count toward AAdvantage Million MilerSM status. EQMs cannot be redeemed for award travel, AAdvantage® miles or any other AAdvantage® program awards.  AAdvantage® program elite status requirements and balance are available on the AAdvantage® section of aa.com.									Global Entry Or TSA Pre✓® Application Fee Credit					Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive World Elite™ Mastercard® account cardmembers are eligible to receive one (1) statement credit per account, every five (5) years up to $100, for either the Global Entry or the TSA Pre✓® application fee. Cardmember must charge the application fee of at least $85 to their Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive card to be eligible for the statement credit. Cardmembers will receive a statement credit for the first program (either Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®) to which they apply and pay for with their eligible card, regardless of whether they are approved for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓®.The one (1) statement credit every five (5) years for the application fee charged to the Citi® / AAdvantage® Executive card credit card account, is applied by Citi directly to the card account. Please allow 1-2 billing cycles after the qualifying Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® fee is charged to the eligible account for the statement credit to be posted to the account.									Authorized User					Before adding an authorized user to your Card Account you should know:You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user. Authorized users have access to your Card Account information. Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know that we may report Card Account performance to the credit reporting agencies in the authorized user's name. If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law. Authorized users do not receive the first checked bag free or boarding benefits.				American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® program and its terms and conditions at any time without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® program with six months’ notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use the awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless specified, AAdvantage® miles earned through this promotion/offer do not count toward elite-status qualification or AAdvantage Million MilerSM status. American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. For complete details about the AAdvantage® program, visit  aa.com/aadvantage  American Airlines Privacy Policy Travel booked on American Airlines may be American Eagle® service, operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC. American Airlines, American Eagle, AAdvantage, AAdvantage Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, Flagship, Admirals Club, Platinum Pro, the Flight Symbol logo and the Tail Design are marks of American Airlines, Inc. oneworld is a mark of the oneworld Alliance, LLC.Citibank is not responsible for products or services offered by other companies. Cardmember program terms are subject to change.The TSA Pre✓® trademark is used with the permission of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.Mastercard and the Mastercard Brand Mark are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated. World Elite is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.© 2018 Citibank, N.A. Citi, Citi and Arc Design and other marks used herein are service marks of Citigroup Inc. or its affiliates, used and registered throughout the world. 