Earn ThankYou® Points on Air Travel, Restaurants, Hotels and Cruises
Earn 50,000 Bonus Points after spending $4,000 within 3 months of account opening.2
*Pricing Details
                                            Bonus ThankYou® Points are not available if you received a new cardmember bonus for Citi Rewards+℠, Citi ThankYou® Preferred, Citi ThankYou® Premier/Citi Premier℠ or Citi Prestige®, or if you have closed any of these accounts, in the past 24 months.
                                        
Citi Prestige® Credit Card
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-841-8826
TTY: Use Relay Service
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-841-8826
TTY: Use Relay Service
Citi Prestige®Credit Card
                                        Bonus ThankYou® Points are not available if you received a new cardmember bonus for Citi Rewards+℠, Citi ThankYou® Preferred, Citi ThankYou® Premier/Citi Premier℠ or Citi Prestige®, or if you have closed any of these accounts, in the past 24 months.
                                    
Experience More
Indulge in exceptional travel and hotel rewards with the Citi Prestige® Card, one of Citi’s ThankYou® rewards credit cards designed for avid travelers.
Your 50,000 bonus ThankYou® Points are redeemable for $500 in travel, anytime, with no blackout dates when booked through the ThankYou Travel Center.
Purchase Rate:
16.99% - 23.99% variable APR based on your creditworthiness*
No foreign transaction fees*
Annual Fee:$495*
Rewards
Exceptional Travel Benefits
Complimentary 4thfourth Night Hotel Stay
                                    Complimentary 4thfourth Night at a hotel of your choice after a minimum 4 consecutive night booking through ThankYou.com (based on your average night stay, exclusive of taxes and fees).2
                                        This benefit will be capped at 2 times each calendar year. 
                                    
VIP Lounge Access Enjoy complimentary access to hundreds of VIP lounges through Priority Pass™ Select.2
Up to $250 Travel Credit Every Calendar Year
                                        There's no need to enroll, your credit is applied automatically to eligible travel purchases.2
Points Transfer Easy points transfer to certain airline loyalty programs, include TrueBlue®, Virgin Atlantic Flying Club and Singapore Airlines Krisflyer.2
Get a Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® Application Fee Credit on your statement, up to $100 every 5 years, as a reimbursement of your application fee for Global Entry or TSA Pre✓.® 2
Redeeming ThankYou® Points
Travel More with ThankYou® Points Points are redeemable for flights on any airline when booked through the ThankYou Travel Center.
                                    
No Expiration and No Limit ThankYou® Points don't expire and there is no limit on the number of points you can earn with this card.
Redeem Your ThankYou® Points for Just About Anything Reward yourself with everything from travel to statement credits, cash and gift cards from popular retailers. You can even use your points to make a donation to charity.
Other Citi® Benefits
Citi EntertainmentSM
Citi Entertainment takes the once out of once in a lifetime. Get special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events, including presale tickets and exclusive experiences for the year's most anticipated concerts, sporting events, dining experiences and more.
                                
Banking Relationship Annual Credit
                                    Exclusively for qualifying Citigold clients Earn a $145 statement credit automatically on your card when you have a qualifying Citigold account and remain a cardmember. In addition, for each Authorized User on your account you will receive a $25 statement credit on your card.2
Cell Phone Protection
                                        Now when you pay your monthly cellular bill with your Citi Prestige® Card, you'll get Cell Phone Protection at no additional cost. With this new card benefit, if your phone is stolen or suffers certain damages, you can be reimbursed for the cost to repair or replace your phone. Coverage includes up to $1,500 in total, yearly benefits for up to 5 phones on your monthly bill.2
Security
Citi® Identity Theft Solutions Identity theft can happen to anyone. If it happens to you, Citi® Identity Theft Solutions can help you resolve the matter and get your life back on track.
                                    
Fraud Early Warning Our Fraud Early Warning system monitors your account to detect potentially fraudulent transactions. When we see suspicious activity we will take appropriate actions to protect your account.
Convenience
Convenience
Digital Wallets Digital Wallets let you shop with confidence in millions of places online, within apps and in stores. With digital wallets you can speed through checkout and continue to enjoy all the great benefits that come with your card. Learn how to get started and how digital wallets can help protect your card information at citi.com/digitalservices.
                                    
Tap Your Card With Contactless Pay
Shop safely with a contactless-chip enabled card. Just tap your card on the payment reader and go in seconds.
                                    
*CITI PRESTIGE® PRICING DETAILS
The standard variable APR for purchases, balance transfers, and Citi Flex Plan for the Citi Prestige® card is 16.99% – 23.99%, based on your creditworthiness. Balance transfers must be completed within 2 months of account opening. The standard variable APR for cash advances is 25.24%. The variable penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. Minimum interest charge — $0.50. Annual fee - $495 for the primary cardholder and $75 for each authorized user. Fee for foreign purchases - None. Cash advance fee - either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee — either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. New cardmembers only. Subject to credit approval. Additional limitations, terms and conditions apply. You will be given further information when you apply.
Certain terms and conditions apply. Coverage details will be provided upon card membership or you can visit www.cardbenefits.citi.com.
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
What others are saying about this card:Please note that the terms and benefits of this product may change over time.
Citi does not guarantee the accuracy of these reviews. Benefits, fees, terms, and offers mentioned in reviews may change over time.
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-841-8826
TTY: Use Relay Service
CITI PRESTIGE CARD F A Q s
Expand all sections
How do I apply for the Citi Prestige® Card?
The application process for the Citi Prestige® Card is easy and straightforward. You can apply online.
Does the Citi Prestige® Card offer concierge benefits?
Yes, Citi Prestige® cardmembers have access to 24/7 Concierge benefits. Citi Concierge service provides you with experts that are ready 24/7 to help you with all your travel, dining, shopping and entertainment needs. To find out more, contact: Email: concierge@yourconciergecenter.com Telephone: 1-800-508-8930 (TTY: Use relay service)
How can I earn points with the Citi Prestige® Card?
Earn ThankYou® Points on every purchase with the Citi Prestige® Card:  5X on restaurants  5X on air travel  3X on hotels  3X on cruise lines  1X on all other purchases
Is Global Entry a benefit of the Citi Prestige® Card?
Yes, the Citi Prestige® Card has Global Entry and TSA Pre ✓® benefits.Citi Prestige® cardmembers are eligible for one application fee up to $100 credit every 5 years for either the Global Entry or the TSA Precheck® program.
Is there a foreign transaction fee for the Citi Prestige® Card?
No, the Citi Prestige® Card does not charge foreign transaction fees1 – helping you make the most of your travels abroad.
Read more Citi Prestige® Card F A Q s
1Pricing & Information
