UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  15.99% to 24.99%, based on you
r creditworthiness.                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                              These APRs will vary with the mark
et based on the Prime Rate.a                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                      APR for Balance Transfers                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                        15.99% to 24.99%, based on your creditworthiness, for tr
ansfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              APR for Cash Advan
ces                                                                             
                                                                                
                                                            26.74%              
                                                                                
                                                     This APR will vary with the
 market based on the Prime Rate.b                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           Penalty APR and When it Applies                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  This APR will vary with the ma
rket based on the Prime Rate.c                                                  
                                                                                
                 This APR may be applied to your account if you:                
                                                                                
                                                    (1) Make a late payment or (
2) Make a payment that is returned.                                             
                                                                                
                       How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are inc
reased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          How to
 Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
             Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing c
ycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire ba
lance by the due date each month.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    Minimum Interest Charge                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  If you are charged interest, t
he charge will be no less than 50 cents.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
             For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   To learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at                                                           
               http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                    Fees        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Fee                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
              $95. However, the annual fee is waived for the first 12 months.   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           Trans
action Fees                                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                 •                                                              
                                                                              Ba
lance Transfer                                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
     Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      •                                                                         
                                                                   Cash Advance 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                               Either $10 or 5% 
of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                    •                                                           
                                                                                
 Foreign Purchase Transaction                                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                    None                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            Pena
lty Fees                                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                     •                                                          
                                                                                
                       Late Payment                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
     Up to $35                                                                  
                                                                                
                                                  •                             
                                                                                
                               Returned Payment                                 
                                                                                
                                                                     Up to $35  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                     How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use 
a method called "daily balance (including current transactions)."  Loss of Intro
ductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you m
ake a late payment.   For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. New 
York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services a
t (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit card ra
tes, fees and grace periods.  Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of yo
ur payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, includin
g transferred balances. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will 
be applied to your highest rate balance first. Prime Rate: The variable rates sh
own here are accurate based on a 4.75% Prime Rate.                              
   a We add 11.24% to 20.24% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance
 Transfer APR.                                             b We add 21.99% to th
e Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. c We add up to 26.74% to the Pr
ime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%
.                      Citi ThankYou® Premier Card Terms &amp; Conditions       
             This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 
years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a separate account.Citibank, 
N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Ple
ase allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account applicati
on.By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a Citi ThankY
ou® Premier Card account (the "Card Account") to you and any authorized users yo
u have designated. You agree that all information provided in this application m
ust be verifiable and accurate.The Card Account is governed by the terms of the 
card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.     
                       Identity Verification                            IMPORTAN
T INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the governmen
t fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law re
quires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that
 identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for yo
ur name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to ide
ntify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license
 or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you
 or any authorized user you add to your account.            Credit ReportsYou au
thorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer r
eporting agencies and other sources, for such purposes as: determining whether t
o issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Accou
nt, credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Ca
rd Account, and offering other products and services and for any other uses perm
itted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we requested a credit
 bureau report and the names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided u
s with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information about
 your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.
    Credit Information    To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicabl
e criteria bearing on creditworthiness.     Your revolving credit limit will be 
determined based on the following:            Your annual salary and wages      
  Any other annual income        A review of your debt, including the debt liste
d on your credit report        We'll inform you of your revolving credit limit w
hen you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $2000. Please not
e that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your revolving credit limit.
       Card Agreement                            If you are approved for a Card 
Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account.  
               The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use you
r Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account,                 the Ca
rd Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 d
ays after we send you the Card Agreement.                 We have the right to m
ake changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in acco
rdance with the Card Agreement.            Special Notices                      
      Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require tha
t all creditors make credit equally available to all                 creditworth
y customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histori
es on each individual upon request.                 The Ohio Civil Rights Commis
sion administers compliance with this law.                                      
  Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral state
ment, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of
 such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have
 actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened. Important Informat
ion About Adding An Authorized User            Before adding an authorized user 
to your Card Account you should know:                            You're responsi
ble for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user. 
               Authorized users have access to your Card Account information.   
                                 Before adding an authorized user, you must let 
him/her know that we may report Card Account performance                     to 
the credit reporting agencies in the authorized user's name.                    
                                 If we ask for information about the authorized 
user, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and fo
r us to share it as allowed by applicable law.            Balance Transfer Infor
mation                            How to Make Balance Transfers                 
                                          After receiving your card, you can cal
l the customer service number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Bal
ance transfers are made available at our discretion. All balance transfers are s
ubject to the standard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotio
nal rate applies.                                                    If we give 
you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at leas
t 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer paym
ents. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request b
y calling the number on the back of your card.                                  
                  You may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your bala
nce transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available revolvi
ng credit limit. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charg
e amount because you may lose your dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances 
from other accounts issued by Citi or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the i
ssuer on the account, please visit www.citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of
 Citi products and affiliates.Continue to make payments on your other accounts u
ntil you have confirmed this balance transfer has been received. Once approved, 
we'll pay the amount of the balance transfer directly to that issuer. The availa
ble revolving credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount
 of the transfers, including fees we approve.                        Things You 
Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:   If you transfer a balance with 
this offer, interest will be charged on purchases made with your credit card unl
ess your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statem
ent (including the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due d
ate each billing period.If you default under your Card Agreement you may lose an
y promotional APR on the balance transfer. Additional Information    Any benefit
, reward, service or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may ch
ange or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressl
y indicated. Citi isn't responsible for products and services offered by other c
ompanies.Citi® ThankYou® RewardsSummary of the Citi ThankYou® Premier Card Terms
 and ConditionsWith the Card Account, you can earn ThankYou Points for purchases
 made on your card.    Unless you are participating in a limited-time offer, you
 will earn:-- 3 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on purchases at airlines, hote
ls, car rental agencies, travel agencies/travel aggregators/tour operators, gas 
stations, commuter transportation, ferries, commuter railways, subways, taxis/li
mousines/car services, passenger railways, cruise lines, bridge and road tolls, 
parking lots/garages, campgrounds and trailer parks, timeshares, bus lines, moto
r home/recreational vehicle rentals and boat leases and rentals;Certain Non‐Qual
ifying Purchases. You won't earn 3X Points for purchases made at recreational ca
mps, insurance companies, auto clubs, fuel used for non–automobile purposes, and
 real estate agencies. Gas purchases made at warehouse clubs, discount stores, d
epartment stores and convenience stores do not qualify for 3X Points. -- 2 Thank
You Points for each $1 spent on purchases at restaurants (including cafes, bars,
 lounges and fast food restaurants), and on select entertainment, including live
 entertainment, live theatrical productions, concerts, live sporting events, mov
ie theaters, amusement parks (including zoos, aquariums, circuses and carnivals)
, tourist attractions (including museums and art galleries), record stores, vide
o rental stores and on-demand internet streaming media;Certain Non-Qualifying Pu
rchases. You won't earn 2X Points for purchases made at bakeries, restaurants/ca
fes inside certain department, grocery, discount and convenience stores or wareh
ouse clubs, sporting camps, public and private golf courses, country clubs (incl
uding membership fees), stores that sell musical instruments, video game arcades
, bowling alleys, stores that primarily sell video games/accessories, charitable
 organizations that provide live entertainment, bookstores, and sports complexes
 where you participate in the sport.-- 1 ThankYou Point for each $1 spent on oth
er purchases including the non-qualifying purchases listed above.Only Purchases 
Earn Points. Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your Card Acco
unt, items returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees,
 travelers checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders, wire transfers (and
 similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, gaming chips (and similar bet
ting transactions) do not earn ThankYou Points.  Each merchant - e.g., a retaile
r, business or any other place where you can make a purchase - is assigned a cod
e that indicates the merchant's primary area of business. We don't assign or hav
e any control over merchant codes. Codes are chosen and assigned by a third part
y, who may change the codes from time to time. When you make a purchase at a mer
chant, we're provided the code for that merchant and if the code matches a categ
ory that gives you additional points, you will earn the additional points. Becau
se we don't control what code a merchant is assigned, sometimes a purchase that 
you think fits a certain category may not earn additional points. For example, a
 restaurant located within a large retail outlet may not be assigned a "restaura
nt" code, but rather a "retailer" code. This means that if you receive additiona
l points for "dining out," you won't earn additional points for purchases at tha
t restaurant. Or a restaurant located within a hotel may not be assigned a "rest
aurant" code, but rather a "hotel" code. This means that if you receive more poi
nts for purchases at a hotel than you receive for purchases at a restaurant, eac
h purchase at that restaurant will be treated as a purchase at a hotel, and you'
ll receive additional Points. Please see our FAQs at thankyou.com/help or call t
he ThankYou Service Center at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) for more informati
on about merchant codes and categories.You may earn ThankYou Points as long as y
our Card Account is open and current. If your Card Account is closed, you will n
ot be able to earn and redeem ThankYou Points and you will lose any accumulated 
ThankYou Points that have not been transferred to your ThankYou Member Account (
we will set up a ThankYou Member Account for you).ThankYou Rewards may be termin
ated with 30 days prior written notice. If ThankYou Rewards is terminated, you w
ill have 90 days from ThankYou Rewards termination date to redeem all your accum
ulated ThankYou Points. The ThankYou Rewards program may be changed at any time.
 Rewards offered by ThankYou Rewards and the ThankYou Point levels required for 
specific rewards are subject to change without notice.ThankYou Points earned fro
m purchases post to your Card Account at the close of each billing cycle, and at
 that time we will transfer the ThankYou Points you earned to your ThankYou Memb
er Account. (Bonus ThankYou Points may take one to two additional billing cycles
 to post to your Card Account). ThankYou Points are not eligible for redemption 
until they are transferred to your ThankYou Member Account.Please see the Citi T
hankYou Rewards Terms and Conditions at thankyou.com/terms, or call us at 1-800-
THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) to request a complete copy of the Terms and Conditions
. The Terms and Conditions include redemption information on the Citi ThankYou R
ewards Program.                         Close