*Pricing

The standard variable APR for purchases is 17.74% to 25.74% based on your creditworthiness. Balance transfers also are subject to the standard variable purchase APR. The standard variable APR for cash advances is 26.99%. The variable Penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. The annual fee for this card is $99. However, this fee is waived for the first 12 months of account opening. Minimum interest charge is $0.50. Fee for Foreign Purchases – None. Cash advance fee - either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee - either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. ↩



Card Offer

American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles are not available if you have had any Citi® / AAdvantage® card (other than a CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® card) opened or closed in the past 24 months.



Bonus Miles

Balance transfers, cash advances, account fees, interest and items returned for credit are not purchases. American Airlines AAdvantage® bonus miles typically will appear as a bonus in your AAdvantage® account 8-10 weeks after you have met the purchase requirements. Miles may be earned on purchases made by primary cardmembers and authorized users. Miles earned will be posted to the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® account.



First Checked Bag Free

For benefit to apply, the Citi® / AAdvantage® account must be open 7 days prior to air travel, and reservation must include the primary cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel. If your credit card account is closed for any reason, these benefits will be cancelled. 

Eligible Citi® / AAdvantage® primary cardmembers may check one bag free of charge when traveling on domestic itineraries marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on itineraries marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airline Corp., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Trans States Airlines, LLC. All flights on the itinerary must be domestic flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by American Airlines or American Eagle. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. For the Citi® / AAdvantage® card, up to four (4) companions traveling with the eligible primary cardmember will also get their first checked bag free of charge if they are listed in the same reservation. Waiver does not apply to overweight or oversized bags. This benefit cannot be combined with any existing AAdvantage® elite program benefits, or with First or Business class benefits, including any waiver of baggage charges. Please see aa.com for baggage weight and size restrictions. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.



Double Miles On American Airlines Purchases

Eligible American Airlines purchases are items billed by American Airlines as merchant of record booked through American Airlines channels (AA.com, American Airlines reservations, and American Airlines airport and city ticket counters). Products or services that do not qualify are car rentals and hotel reservations (except taxes and charges paid when redeeming miles for car/hotel), purchase of elite status boost or renewal, and AA CargoSM products and services. Miles earned will be posted to the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.



Double Miles at Restaurants and Gas Stations

Earn 2 AAdvantage miles for each $1 spent on purchases at restaurants (including cafes, bars, lounges, and fast food restaurants) and at gas stations.

Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases.Restaurant purchases not eligible to receive 2X miles include, but are not limited to, supercenters, warehouse clubs, discount stores, restaurants / cafes inside department stores, caterers, bowling alleys, public and private golf courses, country clubs, convenience stores, movie theaters, caterers and meal kit delivery services. Gas station purchases not eligible to receive double miles include, but are not limited to, purchases made at warehouse clubs that do not code gas station purchases under a gas station code, discount stores, department stores and convenience stores.

Each merchant – e.g., a retailer, business or any other place where you can make a purchase – is assigned a code that indicates the merchant's primary area of business. We don't assign or have any control over merchant codes. Codes are assigned by a third party. When you make a purchase at a merchant, we're provided the code for that merchant and if the code matches a category that gives you additional points, you will earn the additional points. Because we don't control what code a merchant is assigned, sometimes a purchase that you think fits a certain category may not earn additional points. For example, a restaurant located within a large retail outlet may not be assigned a "restaurant" code, but rather a "retailer" code. This means that if you receive additional points for "purchases at restaurants," you won't earn additional points for purchases at that restaurant. 

Citi® reserves the right to determine which purchases qualify for this offer. Miles may be earned on purchases made by primary cardmembers and authorized users. . Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency , money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions)do not earn miles. Miles earned will be posted to the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8–10 weeks.



1 Mile Per $1

AAdvantage® miles are earned on purchases, except balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your card account, items and services returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, traveler’s checks, purchases of foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, and gaming chips (and similar betting transactions). Miles may be earned on purchases made by primary cardmembers and authorized users. Miles earned will be posted to the primary cardmember’s AAdvantage® account in 8-10 weeks.



Preferred Boarding

For benefit to apply, the Citi® / AAdvantage® account must be open 7 days prior to air travel, and reservation must include the primary cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel. If your credit card account is closed for any reason, this benefit will be cancelled. This benefit will not be available for travel on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Up to four (4) companions traveling with and listed in the same reservation as the Citi® / AAdvantage® primary credit cardmember are eligible to board at the same time as the primary cardmember. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice. 

Eligible cardmembers will board after Priority boarding is complete, but before the rest of economy boarding. The boarding benefit will display on your American Airlines boarding pass as Group 5. This benefit applies on flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated as American Eagle® flights by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airline Corp., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC.



$100 American Airlines Flight Discount

$100 American Airlines Flight Discount: Earn a $100 American Airlines Flight Discount (the "Flight Discount") after you spend $20,000 or more in purchases on your Citi® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® card during your cardmembership year (each 12 month period running from the date your annual fee is billed). To receive the Flight Discount, your account must be open for one billing cycle after your annual fee is billed. The Flight Discount expires one year from date of issue of the certificate. The Flight Discount is redeemable toward the initial ticket purchase of air travel wholly on flights marketed and operated by American Airlines, or on flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Mesa Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airline Corp., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Trans States Airlines, LLC., for itineraries originating in the U.S., Puerto Rico, or U.S. Virgin Islands. The Flight Discount is also redeemable for air travel on any oneworld® carrier or American Airlines codeshare flight. The Flight Discount is redeemable online at aa.com, or by calling American Airlines Reservations. A reservations services fee may apply for travel booked through American Airlines Reservations. The Flight Discount is redeemable only toward the purchase of the base airfare and directly associated taxes, fees and charges that are collected as part of the fare calculation for travel. The Flight Discount may not be used for flight products and/or services that are sold separately or non-flight products and/or services sold by American Airlines. If the ticket price is greater than the value of the Flight Discount, the difference must be paid only with a credit, debit or charge card, or with American Airlines Gift Cards. If travel booked with the Flight Discount is cancelled or changed by the cardmember, the Flight Discount will be forfeited and the cardmember will be responsible for any applicable fare difference and the applicable change fee. The Flight Discount will not be replaced for any reason. The Flight Discount is non-refundable, may not be sold and has no cash redemption value. After qualification, please allow 8-12 weeks for delivery of the Flight Discount.



25% Savings On Eligible Inflight Purchases

Citi® / AAdvantage® cardmembers will receive a 25% savings on inflight purchases of food and beverages on flights operated by American Airlines when purchased with their Citi® / AAdvantage® card. Savings do not apply to any other inflight purchases, such as wireless internet access. This benefit applies to domestic flights marketed and operated by American Airlines or on domestic flights marketed by American Airlines and operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC. This benefit is not available on codeshare flights booked with an American Airlines flight number but operated by another airline. Offer is available on eligible flights as long as supplies last. Savings will appear as a statement credit 6-8 weeks after the transaction is posted to the cardmember's credit card account. Applicable terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.



No Mileage Cap

There is no maximum number of American Airlines AAdvantage® miles that you can accumulate through your Citi® / AAdvantage® credit card account.



Reduced Mileage Awards

The Reduced Mileage Awards program allows Citi®/ AAdvantage®cardmembers to redeem American Airlines AAdvantage®miles for discounted round trip or one-way travel on MileSAAver®awards to destinations selected every other month. The MileSAAver®discount is 7,500 American Airlines AAdvantage®miles round trip or 3,750 one-way for this Citi®/ AAdvantage®card if travel booked is greater than 500 miles in distance. If travel booked is less than or equal to 500 miles in distance, which qualifies for a short haul MileSAAver® award, the mileage discount will be 2,000 American Airlines AAdvantage®miles round trip or 1,000 one-way for this Citi®/ AAdvantage® card.

Redemption of Reduced Mileage Awards applies only to bookings made by phone through American Airlines Reservations or through airport or city ticket centers. A $35 USD award service charge per person applies to AAdvantage®award reservations ticketed by our Travel Centers, or a $35 USD award service charge per person applies to AAdvantage®award reservations ticketed by our Airport Agents. This payment does not apply to AAdvantage®Executive Platinum members and American Airlines AirPass customers. All such additional amounts are subject to change. Flights and availability are subject to change without notice. For the complete list of Reduced Mileage Awards, visit  aa.com/reducedmileageawards.



Mileage Expiration

American Airlines AAdvantage® miles will not expire provided that once every 18 months you earn or redeem miles on American Airlines, an affiliated carrier, or with an American Airlines AAdvantage® participant. For complete details, visit aa.com/aadvantage



Authorized User

Before adding an authorized user to your Card Account you should know:

You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user. Authorized users have access to your Card Account information. Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know that we may report Card Account performance to the credit reporting agencies in the authorized user's name. If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law. Authorized users do not receive the first checked bag free or boarding benefits.


American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® program and its terms and conditions at any time without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® program with six months’ notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use the awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless specified, AAdvantage® miles earned through this promotion/offer do not count toward elite-status qualification or AAdvantage Million MilerSM status. American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. For complete details about the AAdvantage® program, visit  aa.com/aadvantage 
 American Airlines Privacy Policy 

Travel booked on American Airlines may be American Eagle® service, operated by Compass Airlines, LLC, Envoy Air Inc., ExpressJet Airlines, Inc., Republic Airline Inc., SkyWest Airlines, Inc., Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation, Mesa Airlines, Inc., PSA Airlines, Inc., Piedmont Airlines, Inc., or Trans States Airlines, LLC. 


American Airlines, American Eagle, AAdvantage, AAdvantage Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, Flagship, Admirals Club, Platinum Pro, the Flight Symbol logo and the Tail Design are marks of American Airlines, Inc. 


oneworld is a mark of the oneworld Alliance, LLC.


Citibank is not responsible for products or services offered by other companies. Cardmember program terms are subject to change.


Mastercard and the Mastercard Brand Mark are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated. 


World Elite is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.
© 2018 Citibank, N.A. Citi, Citi and Arc Design and other marks used herein are service marks of Citigroup Inc. or its affiliates, used and registered throughout the world. 
