Earn Exclusive Cash Back Rewards with the Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi
 
*Pricing Details
Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 
Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi
Experience one of Citi's best credit cards for small businesses, the Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi. Earn up to 4% in cash back rewards on eligible purchases with the only business credit card designed exclusively for Costco members. A Costco membership is required to apply. Join Costco
          today.
Earn cash back rewards and take advantage of perks for eligible travel and gas. Whether you're traveling for business or pleasure, enjoy no foreign transaction fees on purchases.*
Plus, there's no annual fee with your paid Costco membership.*
Rewards
4%
CASH BACK ON ELIGIBLEGAS WORLDWIDE,INCLUDING GAS AT COSTCO,
for the first $7,000 per year and then 1% thereafter
3%
CASH BACK ON RESTAURANT ANDELIGIBLE TRAVEL PURCHASES WORLDWIDE
2%
CASH BACK ON ALLOTHER PURCHASESFROM COSTCO ANDCOSTCO.COM
1%
CASH BACK ON ALL OTHER PURCHASES
Rewards Program Details
Rewards Program Details
Earn Cash Back RewardsMake every day more rewarding by earning Costco cash back rewards on every purchase anywhere Visa® is accepted.
              
Use the Costco Anywhere Visa card as your Costco membership ID.Need a Costco membership? Join Costco.
              
Redeeming Costco Cash RewardsCash back will be provided as an annual credit card reward certificate once your February billing statement closes, and is redeemable for cash or merchandise at U.S. Costco Warehouses.
              
Other Citi® Benefits
Citi Entertainment®
Citi Entertainment takes the once out of once in a lifetime. Get special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events, including presale tickets and exclusive experiences for the year's most anticipated concerts, sporting events, dining experiences and more.
                 
Purchase Protection
Purchase Protection
Damage & Theft Purchase ProtectionShop with more confidence — Damage & Theft Purchase Protection may cover you for repairs or a refund if purchases made with your Citi card are damaged or stolen within 120 days of purchase (90 days for New York residents).
              
Extended WarrantyExtends the manufacturer’s warranty so you can feel more confident when you make purchases with your Citi card.
              
*Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi Pricing Details
                      The standard variable APR for purchases is %. The standard variable APR for cash advances is %. Variable penalty APR is up to 29.99% and applies if you pay late or your payment is returned. Minimum interest - $0.50. Fee for Foreign Purchases — None. Cash Advance Fee — either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance whichever is greater. No annual fee with paid Costco membership. New card members only. Additional terms and conditions apply. You will be given further information when you apply.
                    
Certain terms and conditions apply.
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
What others are saying about this card:Please note that the terms and benefits of this product may change over time.
Citi does not guarantee the accuracy of these reviews. Benefits, fees, terms, and offers mentioned in reviews may change over time.
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 
Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi F A Q s
Expand all sections
Does the Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi offer cash back rewards? 
Yes. The Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi allows cardmembers to earn cash back rewards on everyday spending, such as office supplies, airline tickets, business lunches at restaurants, and more. You don’t have to enroll in special categories like online shopping, home improvement or furnishings, or dining for example. There is also no annual fee1 with your paid Costco membership.
How much cash back rewards can you earn with the Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi?
Costco Anywhere Visa® Business cardmembers earn Costco cash back rewards anywhere Visa® is accepted. Cardmembers earn:Earn 4% cash back rewards on eligible gas, for the first $7,000 per year, and then 1% thereafterEarn 3% on restaurants and eligible travelEarn 2% on all other purchases from Costco and Costco.comEarn 1% on all other purchases 
What benefits does the Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi have?
The Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi has several great benefits including:Extended Warranty: Extends the manufacturer’s warranty so you can feel safe when making purchases with your Citi cardDamage & Theft Protection: Damage & Theft Purchase Protection may cover you for repairs or a refund if purchases made with your Citi card are damaged or stolen within 120 days of purchase (90 days for New York residents)Citi Quick Lock: Instantly block new purchases and cash advances -while allowing recurring transactions, payments, balance transfers and credits to continue without disruptionFraud Early Warning: We are constantly working to help safeguard your account. If we notice suspicious activity, we will contact you by text, email, phone or mail to confirm activity on the accountAccount Alerts: Citi offers tools such as Citi Online and Citi Alerts, to provide you with access to your account activity quickly and regularlyPaperless Statements and E-Communications: You can view, print and save current statements immediately and request PDFs of past statements, at no additional costCiti Mobile App: Manage your account virtually anywhere, anytime with a 360° degree view of your finances. Plus access features that allow you to set custom alerts, deposit checks on the go and so much moreCiti® Concierge: With Citi® Concierge you’ll have access to a staff of experts working around the clock to help you get things done and save time. It’s an easy and convenient way to get help with your travel, shopping, dining, entertainment, and everyday needsCiti Entertainment: Get special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events, including presale tickets and exclusive experiences for the year’s most anticipated concerts, sporting events, dining experiences and moreLearn more about the Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi.
Can you use the Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi for a small business?
Yes. The Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi is designed specifically for small business use. Cardmembers use this credit card to get the most out of their Costco membership by earning cash back on all purchases at Costco and Costco.com, restaurants, eligible travel purchases, and more worldwide.
Does the Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi® have travel benefits?
Yes. The Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi® supplies cardmembers with the following travel benefits:4% cash back on eligible gas worldwide, including gas at Costco, for the first $7,000 per year and then 1% thereafter3% cash back on eligible travel purchases worldwideNo foreign transaction fee1
Read more Costco Anywhere Visa® Business Card by Citi F A Q s
1Pricing & Information
