The Citi Rewards+℠ Student Card is the only credit card that automatically rounds up to the nearest 10 points on every purchase – with no cap, including stuff for school and fun. Plus No Annual Fee*
Earn 2,500 Bonus Points afteryou spend $500 in purchases with your card within the first 3 months of account opening. Plus, take advantage of our low introductory APR on purchases*
*Pricing Details
                                            Bonus ThankYou® Points are not available if you received a new cardmember bonus for Citi Rewards+℠, Citi ThankYou® Preferred, Citi ThankYou® Premier/Citi Premier℠ or Citi Prestige®, or if you have closed any of these accounts, in the past 24 months.
                                        
Citi Rewards+℠ Student Card
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-866-940-3276
TTY: Use Relay Service
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-866-940-3276
TTY: Use Relay Service
Citi Rewards+℠ Student Card
                                       Bonus ThankYou® Points are not available if you received a new cardmember bonus for Citi Rewards+℠, Citi ThankYou® Preferred, Citi ThankYou® Premier/Citi Premier℠ or Citi Prestige®, or if you have closed any of these accounts, in the past 24 months.
                                    
The Card that Sees Little Things In a Big Way
With the Citi Rewards+℠ Student Card, you can make the most out of your everyday purchases by earning double ThankYou® Points at the supermarkets and gas stations, for the first $6,000 per year and then 1 point on all other purchases. The  Citi Rewards+℠ Student Card is one of Citi's best rewards credit cards. You can redeem for things like gift cards or simply pay for part of your vacation with Select and Credit — all with a low introductory APR and no annual fee.*
 
2X at Supermarkets & Gas Stations for the first $6,000 per year (and 1 point per $1 spent thereafter) makes routine expenses — including gas and snacks –— work for you2
1X on All Other Purchases means your text books and computer earn you rewards, too2
Round Up to the nearest 10 points on every purchase — with no cap –– means you earn even more points2
10% Points Back for the first 100,000 ThankYou® Points you redeem per year helps keep a little something in reserve for fun2
Shop with Points at Amazon.com or BestBuy.com treat yourself to something you've been wanting2
Purchase Rate:
0% introductory APR for 7 months from date of account opening; after that your variable APR for purchases will be 15.49% - 25.49% based on your creditworthiness*
Balance Transfer Rate:
15.49% - 25.49% variable APR based on your creditworthiness*
Balance Transfer Fee: Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater, for each transfer*
Annual Fee No Annual Fee*
                                
                           
Rewards
2X Supermarkets& Gas Stations
Earn 2 ThankYou® Points per $1 spent at supermarkets and gas stations for the first $6,000 per year and 1 point per $1 spent thereafter.2
1XAll Other  Purchases
Earn 1 ThankYou® Point per $1 spent on all other purchases.2
Round Up to the     Nearest 10 Points2
Round Up to the nearest 10 points on every purchase — with no cap. So your $2 coffee earns 10 points. And a $22 dinner for two earns 30 points.2
Points Back
                                       Get 10% Points Back for the first 100,000 ThankYou® Points you redeem per year. That means if you redeem 15,000 points, you get 1,500 back. It’s that simple.2
Redeeming ThankYou® Points
Gift Cards Treat yourself to just about anything. Choose from a large selection of gift cards including department and home stores as well as restaurants.
                                    
Shop with Points Use ThankYou® Points to shop online at Amazon.com or BestBuy.com.
Travel RewardsRedeem for flights, hotels, cruises, and more.
Points Back Get 10% Points Back on all of your redemptions for the first 100,000 ThankYou Points you redeem per year!
Other Citi® Benefits
Citi EntertainmentSM Enjoy special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events annually, including presale tickets and VIP packages to concerts, sporting events, dining experiences, plus complimentary movie screenings and more, at citientertainment.com.
Convenience
Convenience
24/7 Customer Service
Our customer service representatives are available to assist you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
                                    
Tap Your Card With Contactless Pay
Shop safely with a contactless-chip enabled card. Just tap your card on the payment reader and go in seconds.
                                        
Digital Wallets
Digital Wallets let you shop with confidence in millions of places online, within apps and in stores. With digital wallets you can speed through checkout and continue to enjoy all the great benefits that come with your card. Learn how to get started and how digital wallets can help protect your card information at citi.com/digitalservices.
                                    
*CITI REWARDS+℠ STUDENT CARD PRICING DETAILS
Introductory rate of 0%  for 7 months from the date of account opening on purchases. After the introductory period ends, your standard APR for purchases will be applied to unpaid promotional balances and new purchases. The standard variable APR for purchases and balance transfers for the Citi Rewards+SM Student Card is 15.49% – 25.49% based on your creditworthiness. The standard variable APR for Citi Flex Plan is 15.49% – 25.49%, based on your creditworthiness. The standard variable APR for cash advances is 26.24%. The variable penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. Minimum interest charge — $0.50. Fee for foreign purchases — 3% of each purchase transaction in US dollars. Cash advance fee — either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee — either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. New cardmembers only. Subject to credit approval. Additional limitations, terms and conditions apply. You will be given further information when you apply.
Certain terms and conditions apply.
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
What others are saying about this card:Please note that the terms and benefits of this product may change over time.
Citi does not guarantee the accuracy of these reviews. Benefits, fees, terms, and offers mentioned in reviews may change over time.
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-866-940-3276
TTY: Use Relay Service
CITI REWARDS+℠ STUDENT F A Q s
Expand all sections
Is there an age limit for the Citi Rewards+SM Student Card?
You must be at least 18 years of age to apply for the Citi Rewards+ Student Card. Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. If you apply for the card, please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.
How do I apply for the Citi Rewards+SM Student Card?
The application process for the Citi Rewards+℠ Student Card is easy and straightforward. Learn more and apply online.
Does the Citi Rewards+SM Student Card have an annual fee?
There is no annual fee for the Citi Rewards+SM Student Card.1
How do I earn ThankYou® Points on the Citi Rewards+SM Student Card?
The Citi Rewards+SM Student Card allows you to earn points in the following ways:2 ThankYou® Points per $1 spent at supermarkets and gas stations for the first $6,000 per year and then 1 point per $1 spent thereafter.Plus, earn 1 point per $1 spent on all other purchases.Your ThankYou Points will be rounded up to the nearest 10 points on every purchase.And when you redeem your ThankYou Points, you will receive 10% points back for the first 100,000 points you redeem per year.
What rewards does the Citi Rewards+SM Student Card have?
With the Citi Rewards+SM Student Card you can earn points by making purchases everyday:Shop at supermarkets or gas stations to Earn 2 ThankYou® Points per $1 spent  for the first $6,000 per year and then 1 point per $1 spent thereafter.Make purchases elsewhere and earn 1 point per $1 spent on all other purchases from books, to a night out with friends, to ordering a pizza to enjoy while studying for final exams.Your ThankYou Points will be rounded up to the nearest 10 points on every purchase.Plus you will receive 10% points back for the first 100,000 points you redeem per year, when redeem the ThankYou Points you earned from using the card. Cardmembers can visit thankyou.com to redeem their points at any time.
Read more Citi Rewards+SM Student Card F A Q s
1Pricing & Information
