UDAP T&C







					
							CITI DISCLOSURES
					




					
							Interest Rates and Interest Charges
					





Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases



16.99% to 25.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
								 
							

							
							
								
								
								
								These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a




APR for Cash Advances



26.24%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b




Penalty APR and When it Applies



Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
																	
							
							This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c

This APR may be applied to your account if you:
							 
							
							(1) Make a late payment or (2) Make a payment that is returned.

How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.




How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases



Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. 




Minimum Interest Charge



If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than 50 cents.















					
							Fees
						





Annual Fee



$99. However, the annual fee is waived for the first 12 months.




Transaction Fees



							Cash Advance

							Foreign Purchase Transaction




Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.
None





Penalty Fees



								
								Late Payment

							
							Returned Payment





$39

$39 











How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including new transactions)." 
Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest APR balance first.


Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 4.25% Prime Rate.





a We add 12.74% to 21.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase APR. 
              	 
              	
               		
				
				



b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. 
				
				



c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. 
				
				



				Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.
				
















	CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Mastercard® Terms & Conditions



This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. The Card offer referenced in this communication is only available to individuals who reside in the United States and its territories, excluding Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands. Your eligibility for a particular product and service is subject to a final determination by Citibank. This communication is not and should not be construed as, an offer to individuals outside of the United States. Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.
    




		You understand and agree that by submitting this application you are furnishing all information in this application to Citi and that this information may be used in accordance with Citi’s Privacy Notice, available below.  You also agree that the information you are providing herein must be verifiable and accurate.  By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a [CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Mastercard®] account (the "Card Account") to you and any authorized users you have designated.  The Card Account will be governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.
	

       By submitting this application you understand and agree that you are also furnishing your personal information to American Airlines for purposes of enrolling or verifying your enrollment in the AAdvantage® program.  American Airlines may use your personal information in accordance with its Privacy Policy, available at https://www.aa.com/privacy. If you are not an AAdvantage® member or did not provide an AAdvantage® account number in your application, you consent to enrollment in the AAdvantage® program, which is governed by the AAdvantage® terms and conditions available at https://www.aa.com/.
    




Identity Verification

                IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account.  In addition, the bank must obtain the business' legal name, its street address, and its taxpayer identification number. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any employees you add to your account.
            

Credit Reports

        You authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you and the Business from credit reporting  agencies and other sources, for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, verifying your identity and that of the Business, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and services and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we requested credit bureau reports and the names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports.  From time to time, we may report Card Account information to credit reporting agencies.  
    

Credit Information
If you are approved for a Card Account, a specific revolving credit line will be assigned based upon your credit report and/or the credit report of the Business and other information we may request. If you receive your Card and want to request a higher revolving credit line than issued, contact us. You understand that we may require that you submit additional documentation, such as the Business's financial statements, in order to process your request for a credit line increase. The Authorized Officer must be 18 years of age or older.
 
Card Agreement

                If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. 
                The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account, 
                the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement. 
                We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.
            

Information Sharing
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING PRIVACY:  You understand and agree that by submitting this application you are furnishing all information in this application to Citi and that Citi may use any information collected from you regarding you personally and your business in accordance with Citi's Privacy Policy located online at www.citi.com/privacy.  You also agree that the information you are providing herein must be verifiable and accurate. By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a [CitiBusiness® / AAdvantage® Platinum Select® World Mastercard®] account (the "Card Account") to you and any authorized users you have designated. The Card Account will be governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.
By submitting this application you understand and agree that you are also furnishing your personal information to American Airlines for purposes of enrolling or verifying your enrollment in the AAdvantage® program and agree that we may share transaction and experience information regarding your activity with Citi with them. American Airlines may use this information in accordance with its Privacy Policy, available at https://www.aa.com/privacy. If you are not an AAdvantage® member or did not provide an AAdvantage® account number in your application, you consent to enrollment in the AAdvantage® program, which is governed by the AAdvantage® terms and conditions available at https://www.aa.com/.  


Special Notices

Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all 
                creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. 
                The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
            

Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened.
Important Information About Adding An Authorized User
Before adding an authorized user to your Card Account you should know:

You're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.
Miles earned on an Authorized User’s credit card will be allocated to the AAdvantage® account of the primary credit cardholder and not the Authorized User.
Authorized users have access to your Card Account information.

If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law.
                 

Additional Information

    Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for products and services offered by other companies.


Award Program Information
American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage® program and its terms and conditions at any time without notice, and to end the AAdvantage® program with six months' notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use the awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless specified, AAdvantage® miles earned through this promotion/offer do not count toward elite-status qualification or AAdvantage Million Miler℠ status. American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. For complete details about the AAdvantage® program, visit aa.com/aadvantage.
American Airlines, American Eagle, AAdvantage, AAdvantage MileUp, AAdvantage Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, Flagship, Admirals Club, Platinum Pro, AA Cargo, the Flight Symbol logo and the Tail Design are marks of American Airlines, Inc.
Mastercard® is a registered trademark of Mastercard International, Incorporated.








Close          



