Enjoy one of Citi's Introductory Low Interest Credit Cards
Low Intro APR for Almost 2 Years on Balance Transfers Get our low intro APR for 21 months on balance transfers and for 12 months on purchases.
*Pricing Details
Citi® Diamond Preferred® Credit Card
4.4Rated 4.35 out of 5 stars4032 ReviewsWrite a Review84% of respondents would recommend this to a friend
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-505-1675
TTY: Use Relay Service
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-505-1675
TTY: Use Relay Service
Citi® Diamond Preferred® Credit Card
Transfer high-rate balances with the Citi® Diamond Preferred® card and take advantage of one of our longest-lasting intro APRs on balance transfers with no annual fee.*
0% Intro APR on balance transfers for 21 months from date of first transfer. After that, the variable APR will be 15.24% - 25.24%, based on  your creditworthiness.* All transfers must be completed in first 4 months.0% Intro APR on purchases for 12 months from date of account opening. After that, the variable APR will be 15.24% - 25.24%, based on your creditworthiness.*
If you transfer a balance with this offer, after your 0% Intro purchase APR expires, both new purchases and unpaid purchase balances will automatically accrue interest until all balances, including your transferred balance, are paid in full.
Balance Transfer Fee: Either $5 or 5% of the amount of each credit card balance transfer, whichever is greater.*
No Annual Fee*
Benefits You Deserve
Citi EntertainmentSM
Citi Entertainment takes the once out of once in a lifetime. Get special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events annually, including presale tickets and exclusive experiences for the year's most anticipated concerts, sporting events, dining experiences and more.
Protection
Citi® Identity Theft Solutions
Identity theft can happen to anyone. If it happens to you, Citi® Identity Theft Solutions can help you resolve the matter and get your life back on track. 
Purchase Protection
$0 Liability on Unauthorized Charges
You're completely protected against unauthorized charges on your account. At Citi, you will not be responsible for a charge that you did not authorize, online or otherwise.
                           
Convenience
24/7 Customer Service
Our customer service representatives are available to assist you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
                        
Automatic Account Alerts
Alerts keep you informed and stress-free. Once you've set up alerts, we'll remind you about your balance levels, payments due, or when you go over your credit limit, by email or directly on your mobile phone.
                        
Choose your Payment Due Date
Choose to pay your bill on any available due date in the beginning, middle or end of the month. Enjoy the flexibility of paying your full balance or just the minimum payment due each month.
Digital Wallets
Digital Wallets let you shop with confidence in millions of places online, within apps and in stores. With digital wallets you can speed through checkout and continue to enjoy all the great benefits that come with your card. Learn how to get started and how digital wallets can help protect your card information at citi.com/digitalservices.
Tap Your Card With Contactless Pay
Shop safely with a contactless-chip enabled card. Just tap your card on the payment reader and go in seconds.
*Citi Diamond Preferred® Card Pricing Details
Introductory rate of 0% for 12 months from date of account opening on purchases and for 21 months from date of first transfer of balance transfers completed within 4 months of account opening. After that, the standard purchase APR will be applied to unpaid introductory balances, new purchases and new balance transfers. The standard variable APR for purchases is 15.24% to 25.24%, based on your creditworthiness. Please note that these rates will vary with the Prime Rate. The standard variable APR for Citi Flex Plan is 15.24% to 25.24%, based on your creditworthiness. Standard variable cash advance APR – 26.74%.  Variable Penalty APR up to 29.99% and applies if you pay late or your payment is returned. Minimum interest charge – $0.50. Fee for foreign purchases – 3% of the U.S. dollar amount of each purchase. Cash advance fee – either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee – either $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. New cardmembers only. Subject to credit approval. Additional limitations, terms and conditions apply. You will be given further information when you apply.
Certain terms and conditions apply. Coverage details will be provided upon card membership or you can visit www.cardbenefits.citi.com.
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
What others are saying about this card:Please note that the terms and benefits of this product may change over time.
Citi does not guarantee the accuracy of these reviews. Benefits, fees, terms, and offers mentioned in reviews may change over time.
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-505-1675
TTY: Use Relay Service
