Help build or improve your credit with a Citi® secured credit card 
 
*Pricing and Information
Citi® Secured Mastercard®
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 
Citi® Secured Mastercard®
Whether you're looking to establish or improve your credit, the Citi® Secured Mastercard® can help you get there. Simply make everyday purchases and pay your bill on time. Best of all, there's no annual fee*. Take the first step toward achieving your financial goals and apply for Citi's secured credit card today.
To receive a Citi® Secured Mastercard®, you must meet our credit qualification criteria, which includes a review of your income and your debt. If approved, a security deposit is required for the amount of your credit limit, between $200 - $2,500.
Purchase APR % variable APR*
A security deposit is required for this product (minimum $200)2
Program Details
Citi® Secured Mastercard® is an option for customers with little or no credit history and can help you build your credit when used responsibly.
Unlike a debit card, Citi® Secured Mastercard® is a real credit card that helps build your credit history with monthly reporting to all 3 major credit bureaus.
Once available, you will also have free access to your FICO score online. Tracking your score is a great first step to managing your credit history and taking control of your financial future.
Protection
Citi® Identity Theft Solutions
Identity theft can happen to anyone. If it happens to you, Citi® Identity Theft Solutions can help you resolve the matter and get your life back on track. 
$0 Liability on Unauthorized Charges
You're completely protected against unauthorized charges on your account. At Citi, you will not be responsible for a charge that you did not authorize, online or otherwise.
Convenience
Convenience
24/7 Customer Service
Our customer service representatives are available to assist you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Automatic Account Alerts
Alerts keep you informed and stress-free. Once you've set up alerts, we'll remind you about your balance levels, payments due, or when you go over your credit limit, by email or directly on your mobile phone.
Choose Your Payment Due Date
Choose to pay your bill on any available due date in the beginning, middle or end of the month. Enjoy the flexibility of paying your full balance or just the minimum payment due each month.
Digital Wallets
Digital Wallets let you shop with confidence in millions of places online, within apps and in stores. With digital wallets you can speed through checkout and continue to enjoy all the great benefits that come with your card. Learn how to get started and how digital wallets can help protect your card information at citi.com/digitalservices.
Tap Your Card With Contactless Pay
Shop safely with a contactless-chip enabled card. Just tap your card on the payment reader and go in seconds.
*CITI SECURED MASTERCARD® PRICING DETAILS
               The standard variable APR for purchases for the Citi® Secured Mastercard® is % and also applies to balance transfers. The standard variable APR for Citi Flex Plan is %. The standard variable APR for cash advances is %. The variable penalty APR is up to 29.99% and may be applied if you make a late payment or make a payment that is returned. Minimum finance charge $0.50. Fee for foreign purchases — 3% of the U.S. dollar amount of each purchase. Annual fee — $0. Cash advance fee — either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee — either $ or % of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. 
              
Subject to credit approval. Certain terms and conditions apply which you will receive upon card membership.
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
What others are saying about this card:Please note that the terms and benefits of this product may change over time.
Citi does not guarantee the accuracy of these reviews. Benefits, fees, terms, and offers mentioned in reviews may change over time.
Apply Now
Certain terms and conditions apply. Coverage details will be provided upon card membership or you can visit www.cardbenefits.citi.com.
CITI SECURED MASTERCARD F A Q s
Expand all sections
How can I build credit with a Citi® Secured Mastercard®?
The Citi® Secured Mastercard® is a credit card designed specifically for people who are new to credit or want to rebuild their credit.This credit card may help you to build credit a number of ways:by paying at least the minimum due on a timely basis each monthhaving your credit history reported to credit bureausaccessing  Citi's helpful tools to help keep you on track, including free FICO score, online bill pay, and account alertsThe Citi® Secured Mastercard® also comes with account protection features, like fraud alerts, $0 liability on unauthorized charges, and Citi® Identity Theft Solutions.
How can I apply for a Citi® prepaid card?
If you're looking for a prepaid card, you may want to consider the Citi® Secured Mastercard® instead. Whether you're looking to establish, improve or rebuild your credit, the Citi® Secured Mastercard® can help you get there.Make everyday purchases and pay your bill on time. This card comes with no annual fee1. However, please note that a security deposit is required for this product (minimum of $200). The security deposit is always equal to your credit limit. If you are approved and you deposit $200, your credit limit (the maximum amount you can spend) is $200.Take the first step toward achieving your financial goals by applying for the Citi® Secured Mastercard®. Learn more and apply online.
Can I rebuild credit with the Citi® Secured Mastercard®?
Yes - you can rebuild credit history with the Citi® Secured Mastercard®. Responsible management of your credit card account will allow you to rebuild your credit history, because we will report your account information to major credit bureaus.We recommend that you use our helpful tools to help keep you on track, including free FICO score, online bill pay, and account alerts. Learn more about the Citi® Secured Mastercard®.
What is a prepaid secured card?
With prepaid cards, you have a fixed amount that you can spend based on money you provide up front.However, with a secured credit card, such as the Citi® Secured Mastercard®, you can start to build up your credit history, following responsible management of your account.  Your credit history will be reported to major credit bureaus.The Citi® Secured Mastercard® also offers the features and protections - of a credit card. The Citi® Secured Mastercard® requires a security deposit if approved as part of the application process. You will still need to pay at least your minimum payment due each month.
Is there an annual fee for the Citi® Secured Mastercard®?
There is no annual membership fee for the Citi® Secured Mastercard®. Learn more about this secured credit card by visiting our webpage.
Read more Citi® Secured Mastercard F A Q s
1Pricing & Information
