Citi Simplicity® Card - Low Intro APR on Balance Transfers & No Annual Fee*
Low Intro Offer on Purchases & Balance Transfers Get 0% Intro APR for 18 months on purchases and balance transfers. After that, the variable APR will be 14.74% - 24.74%, based on your creditworthiness.*
*Pricing Details
Citi Simplicity® Card
[RATE_DESCRIBE]
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-492-2127
TTY: Use Relay Service
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-492-2127
TTY: Use Relay Service
Citi Simplicity® Card
With the Citi Simplicity® credit card, take advantage of a low intro rate on credit card balance transfers and purchases when you open an account. Plus, keep it simple with no late fees, no penalty rate and no annual fee* - ever. Apply for the Citi Simplicity® credit card today and experience all the benefits it has to offer.
0% Intro APR for 18 months on purchases from date of account opening. After that, the variable APR will be 14.74% - 24.74%, based on your creditworthiness.*0% Intro APR for 18 months on balance transfers from date of first transfer. After that, the variable APR will be 14.74% - 24.74%, based on your creditworthiness.* Balance transfers must be completed within 4 months of account opening.
Balance Transfer Fee: Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.*
Save time, just say "representative" when you call, to enjoy fast personal help.
No Annual Fee*
*Pricing Details
Protection
Citi® Identity Theft Solutions
Identity theft can happen to anyone. If it happens to you, Citi® Identity Theft Solutions can help you resolve the matter and get your life back on track. 
              
Purchase Protection
$0 Liability on Unauthorized Charges
You're completely protected against unauthorized charges on your account. At Citi, you will not be responsible for a charge that you did not authorize, online or otherwise.
              
Convenience
Convenience
24/7 Customer Service
Questions about your Citi® card account? Just call the number on the back of your credit card. Just say 'representative' to access fast, live help from a friendly Customer Service representative 
ready to help with virtually every aspect of your cardmembership (including technical assistance) ––24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
                  
Automatic Account Alerts
Alerts keep you informed and stress-free. Once you've set up alerts, we'll remind you about your balance levels, payments due, or when you go over your credit limit, by email or directly on your mobile phone.
                  
Choose your Payment Due Date
Choose to pay your bill on any available due date in the beginning, middle or end of the month. Enjoy the flexibility of paying your full balance or just the minimum payment due each month.
                  
Digital Wallets
Digital Wallets let you shop with confidence in millions of places online, within apps and in stores. With digital wallets you can speed through checkout and continue to enjoy all the great benefits that come with your card. Learn how to get started and how digital wallets can help protect your card information at citi.com/digitalservices.
                  
Tap Your Card With Contactless Pay
                    Shop safely with a contactless-chip enabled card. Just tap your card on the payment reader and go in seconds.
                  
*CITI SIMPLICITY® CARD PRICING DETAILS
Introductory rate of 0% for 18 months from date of account opening on purchases and an introductory rate of 0% for 18 months from date of first transfer for balance transfers. Balance transfers must be completed within 4 months of account opening. After that, the standard variable APR for purchases will be applied to unpaid introductory balances, new purchases and new balance transfers. The standard variable APR for purchases is 14.74% — 24.74%, based on your creditworthiness. The standard variable APR for Citi Flex Plan is 14.74% — 24.74%, based on your creditworthiness. The standard variable APR for cash advances is 25.24%. Please note that these rates will vary with the Prime Rate. Minimum interest charge – $0.50. Fee for foreign purchases – 3% of the U.S. dollar amount of each purchase. Cash advance fee – either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee – either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater. New cardmembers only. Subject to credit approval. Additional limitations, terms and conditions apply. You will be given further information when you apply.
Certain terms and conditions apply. Coverage details will be provided upon card membership or you can visit www.cardbenefits.citi.com.
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
1Pricing & Information
2Additional Information
What others are saying about this card:Please note that the terms and benefits of this product may change over time.
Citi does not guarantee the accuracy of these reviews. Benefits, fees, terms, and offers mentioned in reviews may change over time.
Apply Now
Apply by Phone: 1-800-492-2127
TTY: Use Relay Service
CITI SIMPLICITY® CARD F A Q s
Expand all sections
How do I apply for a Citi Simplicity® Card? 
Just like the name of the card itself, the application process for the Citi Simplicity Card was designed to be straightforward. Learn more and apply online.
How do I make a balance transfer onto the Citi Simplicity® Card?
Cardmembers can make a balance transfer onto their Citi Simplicity® Card by following these steps:After receiving your Citi Simplicity® Card, you can call the customer service number located on the back of your card to transfer balances. Balance transfer offers are determined based on Citi’s discretion.  Balance transfer offers can be a promotional rate or at the standard purchase rate.If a balance transfer is approved with your application, it takes a minimum of 14 days to process after your Citi Simplicity Card® account is opened. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the customer service number located on the back of your Citi Simplicity® Card. You are eligible to transfer any balance amount, but the total amount of your balance transfer (including balance transfer fees) must be less than your available credit limit. Please ensure you do not transfer any disputed purchases or other charges, because you may risk losing your dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citi® or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on your account, please review a list of Citi® products and its affiliates here.You are asked to continue to make payments on your other accounts until it is confirmed that the balanced transfer was received. Once approved, Citi® will pay the balance transfer amount directly to the issuer. At this time, the available credit limit on your new Citi Simplicity® Card will reflect a reduction of the total amount of balance transfers, including applicable fees.
How long does the Citi Simplicity® Card have a low intro APR for?
One of the exciting Citi Simplicity® Card introductory perks is its low intro APR on balance transfers and purchases. Plus, the Citi Simplicity® Card has no annual fee - ever, which is one of the many ways it keeps things simple.1
Is the Citi Simplicity® Card a Visa or Mastercard®?
The Citi Simplicity® Card is issued on the Mastercard® network and provides Cardmembers with exceptional value through its low intro APR, no late fees, no penalty rate and no annual fee - ever.1
Does the Citi Simplicity® Card offer any rewards?
The Citi Simplicity® Card does not earn rewards. It is the only Citi card that offers no late fees, no penalty rate and no annual fee.1
Read more Citi Simplicity® Card F A Q s
1Pricing & Information
