UDAP T&C
   
 
 CITI DISCLOSURES
 
  
 
 Interest Rates and Interest Charges
 
  
 
 Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
  0% introductory APR for 12 months from date of account opening.   
After that, your APR will be 15.74% to 25.74%, based on your creditworthiness. 
 
 These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a 
 
 
 
 
 APR for Balance Transfers 0% introductory APR for 12 months from date of first transfer when transfers are completed within 4 months from date of account opening.
 
 
 
 After that, your APR will be 15.74% to 25.74%, based on your creditworthiness. 
 
 
 These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a 
 
 
 
 
 APR for Cash Advances 27.49%
 
 
 This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b 
 
 
 
 
 Penalty APR and When it Applies Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness. 
 This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c
  
 This APR may be applied to your account if you: 
 (1) Make a late payment or (2) Make a payment that is returned.
 
 
 
 How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.
 
 
 
 
 How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases  Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month. 
 
 
 
  
 Minimum Interest Charge
  
 If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than 50 cents.  
 
 
 
 
 For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
 
 
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore. 
 
  
 
 
    
 
 Fees  
 
 Annual Fee 
  
 None 
 
 
 
 
 Transaction Fees 
 
 
 
•
 
 Balance Transfer
  
 Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
 
  
 
•
 
 Cash Advance
 
 Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. 
 
 
•
 
 Foreign Purchase Transaction
  
 3% of each purchase transaction in US dollars.
 
 
 
 
 
 Penalty Fees 
 
 
 
 • Late Payment
  Up to $39
 
 
•
 
 Returned Payment 
 Up to $39
    
 
 	
		
		 How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current transactions)." 
		
		Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you make a late payment.
		
		 For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit card rates, fees and grace periods.
		
		Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest rate balance first.
		
		
		 
		
		Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 5.5% Prime Rate.		 
		
		
			
				
				 
	 
		 
	 
	
 		a We add 10.24% to 20.24% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.
				
							
			
				
				
					b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. 
				
							
			
				
				
					c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. 
				
							
			
				
				Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.
							
				
			
 
		
		
						 
			
			
			
			
	Citi Rewards+SM Card Terms & Conditions
	This offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a separate account.
Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.
			
		By submitting this application, you request that Citi establish a Citi Rewards+SM Card account (the "Card Account") to you and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all information provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate.
The Card Account is governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.
		
Identity VerificationIMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or any authorized user you add to your account.	Credit Reports
	
		You authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, 
		for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, 
		credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other products and services 
		and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we requested a credit bureau report and the 
		names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information 
		about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.
 
	Credit Information
To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.
 
Your revolving credit limit will be determined based on the following:
Your annual salary and wages
Any other annual income
A review of your debt, including the debt listed on your credit reportWe'll inform you of your revolving credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $1000. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your revolving credit limit. 
Card Agreement
If you are approved for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account. 
The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account, 
the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement. 
We have the right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.
Special Notices
Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all 
creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies aintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. 
The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened.
Balance Transfer Information
How to Make Balance Transfers After receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available at our discretion. All balance transfers are subject to the standard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotional rate applies.
If we give you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back of your card.
You may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your available revolving credit limit. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citi or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, please visit www.citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.
Continue to make payments on your other accounts until you have confirmed this balance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount of the balance transfer directly to that issuer. The available revolving credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees we approve.
Things You Should Know About Your Balance Transfer Offer:
 If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charged on purchases made with your credit card unless your purchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period.If you default under your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on the balance transfer. 
Additional Information
Any benefit, reward, service or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsible for products and services offered by other companies.
Citi® ThankYou® Rewards
Summary of the Citi Rewards+ Card Terms and ConditionsWith the Rewards+ Card, you can earn ThankYou Points for purchases made on your card.
 
Unless you are participating in a limited-time offer, you will earn:--2 ThankYou Points for each $1 spent on purchases at supermarkets and gas stations, for the first $6,000 per calendar year and then 1 ThankYou Point for each $1 spent thereafter. Certain Non-Qualifying Purchases.Supermarkets - You won't earn 2X Points for purchases made at general merchandise/discount superstores, freezer/meat locker provisioners, dairy product stores, miscellaneous food/convenience stores, markets, drugstores, warehouse clubs, wholesale clubs, specialty vendors, bakeries, candy stores, nut stores, confectionery stores, and meal kit delivery services.You also won't earn 2X Points for purchases made at online supermarkets if the merchant does not classify itself as a supermarket by using the supermarket merchant code.
Gas stations - You won't earn 2X Points for fuel purchased for commercial purposes or used for non-automobile purposes.You also won't earn 2X Points if the merchant does not classify itself as a gas station by using the gas station merchant code.Therefore, you may not earn 2X Points for purchases made at warehouse clubs, wholesale clubs, superstores, discount stores, department stores, and convenience stores.
-- 1 ThankYou Point for each $1 spent on other purchases including the non-qualifying purchases listed above.
Round Up For every purchase that earns ThankYou Points, your ThankYou Points will be rounded up to the nearest 10 points so that the total ThankYou Points awarded for any purchase is in a 10-ThankYou-Point increment.For example, if you purchase an item that costs $3.48, you'll receive 10 ThankYou Points; and if you purchase an item that costs $9.51, you'll receive 10 ThankYou Points. Points are rounded after the additional points are awarded for 2X qualifying purchases.For example, if you make a $7 purchase that earns 2X Points, you'll receive 20 ThankYou Points.
10% Points Back from Redemptions When you redeem your ThankYou Points, you'll receive 10% points back from the Points Back feature for the first 100,000 ThankYou Points redeemed per year (calendar year).  This means that if you redeem 10,000 ThankYou Points, you'll receive 1,000 ThankYou Points from the 10% Points Back feature.  Points Sharing does not count as a redemption of your ThankYou Points and you will not receive 10% Points Back for shared points.
Only Purchases Earn Points.Balance transfers, cash advances, checks that access your Card Account, items returned for credit, unauthorized charges, interest and account fees, travellers checks, foreign currency purchases, money orders, wire transfers (and similar cash-like transactions), lottery tickets, gaming chips (and similar betting transactions) do not earn ThankYou Points.
Each merchant - e.g., a retailer, business or any other place where you can make a purchase - is assigned a code (called a "Merchant Category Code" or an "MCC") that indicates the merchant's primary area of business. For example, supermarkets are generally assigned a specific MCC. We don't assign or have any control over Merchant Category Codes.MCCs are chosen and assigned by a third party, who may change the codes from time to time. When you make a purchase at a merchant, we're provided the code for that merchant. If the code matches a category that gives you additional points - for example, if the merchant code tells us that you made a purchase at a supermarket - we'll give you the additional points. You will not earn additional points for purchases that are coded with MCCs that do not qualify for 2X Points; and because we don't control what code a merchant is assigned, sometimes a purchase that you think fits a certain category may not earn additional points. For example, a gas station that is part of a large retailer may not be assigned a "gas station" code, but rather a "retailer" code. This means that if you receive additional points for purchases at gas stations, you won't earn additional points for purchases of gas at this retailer. Please see our FAQs at thankyou.com/help or call the ThankYou Service Center at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) for more information about merchant codes and categories.
When you reach a reward or benefit cap (e.g., you spend $6,000 on purchases at supermarkets and gas stations to earn 2X Points on these purchases), and you return items (reducing your spending within that category), you will earn 1X Points for purchases even if those purchases would have otherwise qualified for 2X Points.And once you redeem 100,000 ThankYou Points annually with the 10% Points Back feature, you will not earn additional 10% Points Back ThankYou Points that year, even if subsequent returns cause a reduction in your ThankYou Points attributable to 10% Points Back.
You may earn ThankYou Points as long as your Card Account is open and current. If your Card Account is closed, you will not be able to earn and redeem ThankYou Points and you will lose any accumulated ThankYou Points that have not been transferred to your ThankYou Member Account (we will set up a ThankYou Member Account for you). You will also not earn points from rounding (Round Up) or receive 10% Points Back if your account is closed.ThankYou Rewards may be terminated with 30 days prior written notice. If ThankYou Rewards is terminated, you will have 90 days from ThankYou Rewards termination date to redeem all your accumulated ThankYou Points. The ThankYou Rewards program may be changed at any time. Rewards offered by ThankYou Rewards and the ThankYou Point levels required for specific rewards are subject to change without notice.
ThankYou Points earned from purchases and rounding (Round Up), and ThankYou Points earned from 10% Points Back, post to your Card Account at the close of each billing cycle, and at that time we will transfer the ThankYou Points you earned to your ThankYou Member Account. (Points from rounding (Round Up) and 10% Points Back are not considered Bonus ThankYou Points. Bonus ThankYou Points may take one to two additional billing cycles to post to your Card Account.) ThankYou Points are not eligible for redemption until they are transferred to your ThankYou Member Account.
Please see the Citi ThankYou Rewards Terms and Conditions at thankyou.com/terms, or call us at 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) to request a complete copy of the Terms and Conditions. The Terms and Conditions include redemption information on the Citi ThankYou Rewards Program.
Fraud, Misuse, Abuse, or Suspicious Activity. If we see evidence of fraud, misuse, abuse, or suspicious activity, we'll investigate and, if we determine that fraud, misuse or abuse has occurred, we may take actions against you. These actions may include, without limitation, and without prior notice: Taking away the Points you earned because of fraud, misuse, or abuse
Stopping you from earning Points (including points from rounding (Round Up) and 10% Points Back)
Suspending or closing your ThankYou Account
Taking legal action to recover rewards redeemed because of such activity and to recover our monetary losses, including litigation costs and damages
Some examples of fraud, misuse, abuse and suspicious activity include:
Using your Card Account in an abusive manner for the primary purpose of acquiring ThankYou Points
Using your Consumer Card Account other than primarily for personal, consumer or household purposes 
For more information, please see the Citi ThankYou Rewards Terms and Conditions at thankyou.com/terms
