Effective for accounts opened on or after March 1, 2021, City National Bank is restructuring the pricing terms applicable to its personal credit card products. Click here for details.



    























    

    




    Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card with Rewards1
See the World Through Crystal
Your first-class ticket to luxury travel benefits and premium lifestyle rewards.
Already have a Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card? Access the Crystal Visa Infinite Portal to view many of the benefits.
See the Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits.

Travel and Lifestyle Benefits2
3X City National Rewards Points

Earn 3 Points per $1 spent on airline, hotel, taxi (including Uber and Lyft), limousine, rental car, train, bus, restaurant, fast food, and takeout food dining purchases, and 1 Point per $1 spent on all other purchases.3

Up to $350 Airline Incidental Fees Statement Credit

Receive a statement credit of up to $350 per account, per calendar year for Qualifying Airline Purchases.4
Up to $550 Airline Lounge Club Membership Fee Statement Credit

Receive a statement credit of up to $550 per account per calendar year with $50,000 yearly spend  for any airline lounge club worldwide.5
No Foreign Transaction Fees

Use your Crystal Visa Infinite Card to travel the world and you won't be charged any foreign transaction fees by us on your purchases. See Pricing Information.6
$100 Global Entry Application Fee Statement Credit

Apply for Global Entry, a U.S. Customs and Border Protection program, using your Crystal Visa Infinite Card to pay your application fee and receive a $100 statement credit. If you are approved for Global Entry, you may use your membership to participate in the U.S. Transportation and Security Administration’s TSA Pre ✓ program.7
Priority Pass Select Airport Lounge Access

Through the Priority Pass Select program, up to two (2) Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholders Priority Pass Select program members and their accompanying guests can experience a more relaxing way to travel, with access to a global network of more than 1,200 airport lounges worldwide.8
12 Complimentary Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi Passes Per Year

During your next trip, enjoy complimentary internet access with Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi service on up to 12 flight segments per year on any Gogo-equipped aircraft. To access the Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi benefit, register your Crystal Visa Infinite Card at cnb.com/crystalbenefits.9
Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel Collection

A selection of superior properties  including brands like Peninsula, Park Hyatt, and Shangri-La  comprise the Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel Collection. From boutique gems to world famous resorts, each hotel is evaluated annually to help ensure it continues to meet the highest standards. The Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel Collection delivers a premium collection of benefits, including a best available rate guarantee, complimentary continental breakfast daily, complimentary in-room Wi-Fi and VIP amenities when available, VIP Guest status, and much more.10 Click here to see the Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel Collection digital catalog.
Visa Infinite Hotel Privileges

Enjoy special benefits from leading hotels, like a VIP welcome and complimentary breakfast at select properties with Relais & Châteaux, a prestigious association of approximately 500 luxury properties worldwide.11
Visa Infinite Car Rental Privileges

Enjoy privileges such as special discounts and upgrades when you use your Crystal Visa Infinite Card to book with Avis, National and Silvercar.12
Crystal Card 
Concierge

A 24/7 concierge at your fingertips. Receive customized assistance with airline, hotel and restaurant reservations and virtually any personal or business requests. To learn more about Crystal Card Concierge13 services, Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholders may contact us at 800-595-8950 (U.S. and Canada) or 00-800-2797-825-1 (outside the U.S. and Canada).
Crystal Card Experiences

Enjoy invitation-only access to signature events, from luxury concert suites and premium sports packages to intimate wine tastings and seats to Broadway shows.
The Broadway League

You’ll have an ongoing opportunity to purchase premium seating for Broadway shows in New York City and on tour across North America. Additional benefits may include backstage tours and "meet and greets" with performers. All ticket purchases and additional benefits are subject to availability.14
Troon Rewards

Save on golf tee times, merchandise, and golf instruction with your Crystal Visa Infinite Card.15
Troon Privé

Use your Crystal Visa Infinite Card to access high-end, private golf clubs around the country.16
Rewards
Air Travel Flexibility

Use Rewards Points to purchase airline tickets on most national and international carriers anytime, with no blackout dates.17
Redeem Points for Travel, Merchandise, Statement Credits, Charities and More

Enjoy automatic enrollment in City National Rewards. Built with clients like you in mind, our program lets you select Awards that suit your idea of the good life  however you define it.17
Accelerated Rewards

Combine Points from all of your City National business and personal credit cards that come with City National Rewards to earn premium Awards more quickly.18
No Cap on Rewards Points

There’s no cap on Points and your Points do not expire as long as your account remains open and the Rewards Program has not ended.19
Exclusive Excursions

Redeem Points for a wide variety of specialized adventure or leisure travel packages.17
Luxury Brands

Indulge in style  we have numerous top brand products and personal service Awards from which to choose.17
Protection and Security
Auto Rental Collision Damage Waiver20

Enjoy primary insurance coverage for automobile rentals made with your Crystal Visa Infinite Card. This benefit allows you to decline the auto rental company’s collision damage waiver or similar provision.
Personal Identity Theft Protection20

Reimburses you for certain costs incurred in restoring your identity as a result of the theft or unauthorized or illegal use of your name or other personal identity information.
Card Alerts

Keep your Crystal Visa Infinite Card safer with City National Card Alerts. Receive timely updates on your credit card activity through text messages or by email.
Chip Technology

Also called EMV technology, this chip adds an extra level of security to your in-person transactions made at chip-enabled terminals by using dynamic encryption technology, making it more difficult for your card information to be duplicated or copied.
Family Card Functionality

Establish and manage individual spending limits and monitor transaction activity for each authorized user card issued under your account.
Apple Pay and Google Pay

Use your Crystal Visa Infinite Card with Apple Pay and Google Pay for added speed, security and convenience when making purchases in-store, in-app and online.21
Visa Zero Liability

For no additional cost, Visa's Zero Liability22 may protect you from liability for fraud and theft. Notify us immediately if you notice an unauthorized transaction or if your card is lost or stolen.
Additional Protection and Security Benefits20
Price Protection
Purchase Security
Return Protection
Trip Cancellation/Trip Interruption Protection
Emergency Card Replacement
Emergency Cash Distribution
Roadside Dispatch
Lost Luggage Reimbursement
Hotel Theft Protection
Travel and Emergency Assistance Services
Trip Delay Reimbursement
Extended Warranty Protection
Auto Rental Collision Damage Waiver
Emergency Evacuation and Transportation
Travel Accident Insurance

ONLINE AND MOBILE CARD MANAGEMENT
With City National Online and the City National Bank App, you can view your Crystal Visa Infinite Card information from your desktop or mobile device. View balances, transactions and statements, make and schedule payments, and view information for all authorized cards on your account. Learn More »



    























    




    Need a copy of your City National Bank Visa Credit Card Agreement? Call (800) 773-7100.

Report a Lost or Stolen Card
Notify us as soon as possible if your card is lost or stolen. Please call (877) 529-0473.
Getting Started
Contact your local City National banker, or call us at (800) 773-7100. Already a City National client? Click here to log in to City National Online and apply.



    























    


    
        
        

    
    
    
    
        
 
  All credit cards are subject to  credit approval. 
  Benefits are subject to  change and cancellation at any time without notice.
  Points are earned on net  purchases only (purchases less returns and credits). PIN-based and ATM  transactions do not earn Points. For each $1 spent, earn 3 Points on net  purchases made at merchants that classify their merchant location for Visa in  any of the following categories: airlines, hotels, taxis, limousines, rental  cars, trains, buses, restaurants, fast food and  takeout food dining establishments, and 1 Point on all other net purchases. We  do not determine whether merchants correctly identify and bill transactions as  being made at locations in each particular category. However, we do reserve the  right to determine which purchases qualify for the 3 Points on category  purchases. Purchases not eligible to receive the 3 Points on category purchases  include, but are not limited to, purchases made at superstores, warehouse  clubs, discount stores and their affiliates, and they will instead receive 1  Point. Online and catalog purchases are not eligible to receive the 3 Points on  category purchases, and they will instead receive 1 Point, unless the merchants  have correctly identified and billed the transactions. See the City National  Rewards Program Terms, Conditions and Program Rules and FAQs for details.
  Statement credit is  provided under the Airline Incidental Fees Statement Credit benefit and is  limited to Qualifying Airline Purchases made at eligible U.S.-Domestic Airline  Carriers. Qualifying Airline Purchases must be charged to a Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card to be eligible for a statement credit. Qualifying Airline  Purchases are defined as incidental airline fee transactions made at eligible U.S.-Domestic  Airline Carriers and include: ticket change/cancellation fees, checked baggage  fees, inflight entertainment, onboard food and beverage charges, airport lounge  membership fees and day passes, onboard wireless charges (excluding Gogo Inflight  Wi-Fi), and TSA Pre✓ membership application fee. Qualifying Airline Purchases may vary by airline.  Merchants are responsible for correctly identifying the transactions under the  appropriate codes or identifiers on Visa's proprietary network. City National  Bank and Visa rely on the merchant to submit the correct information for the  transaction. Additional conditions, limitations and exclusions apply. The  Airline Incidental Fees Statement Credit benefit is subject to change and  cancellation at any time. This benefit may be subject to taxation and Form 1099  reporting. Taxes, if any, are the responsibility of the Crystal Visa Infinite  Credit Cardholder. For more information on Qualifying Airline Purchases and  this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits.
    
    TSA Pre✓ is a  U.S. Government program operated by U.S. Department of Homeland Security  ("DHS") through the Transportation Security Administration  ("TSA") service. It is an expedited security screening program available for select travelers who are traveling domestically within the United States and for international travel when departing from a U.S. airport that participates in the program. The airline also must be participating in the program. Selection for TSA Pre✓ expedited screening is made on a per flight basis and is  not guaranteed. Eligible Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholders can apply for  membership in the TSA Pre✓ program and must pay the application fee (currently $85)  with their Crystal Visa Infinite Card to receive the statement credit. Acceptance into the TSA Pre✓ program is at the sole discretion of the TSA. Neither City National Bank nor Visa has any control over the TSA Pre✓ program including, without limitation, application, approval process or enrollment and no liability with regards to the TSA Pre✓ program. For complete details on the TSA Pre✓ program, including full terms and conditions, go to www.tsa.gov. The TSA Pre✓ trademark is used with the permission of the U.S.  Department of Homeland Security. 
  If the Total Spend on your Crystal Visa Infinite Card account is $50,000 or  greater in the current calendar year or the prior calendar year, you may  request and receive a statement credit of up to $550 for a Qualifying Airline  Lounge Membership Fee charged to your Crystal Visa  Infinite Card account during the same calendar year in which you request the  statement credit. Each Crystal Visa Infinite Card account is eligible for only  one (1) Airline Lounge Club Membership Fee Statement Credit per calendar year,  regardless of the number of cardholders on the Crystal Visa Infinite Card  account. Total Spend means the aggregate amount of the net purchases (purchases  less returns and credits) on your Crystal Visa Infinite Card account for all  cardholders.  A Qualifying Airline Lounge  Membership Fee means the annual fee charged by any airline for a Crystal Visa  Infinite Cardholder’s membership in that airline’s lounge club and does not  include any other amounts charged for use or services obtained at that airline  lounge club, including day passes. If at the time you purchase  an airline lounge club membership that is also eligible for a statement credit  under the Airline Incidental Fees Statement Credit benefit, the Airline Incidental  Fees Statement Credit will be applied first, and any amount that is not  credited to you as part of the Airline Incidental Fees Statement Credit benefit  is available to you as part of the Airline Lounge Club Membership Fee Statement  Credit benefit. This benefit may be subject to taxation or Form 1099  reporting. Taxes, if any, are the responsibility of the Crystal Visa Infinite  Card account holder. Additional terms  and conditions apply. This benefit is subject to change and cancellation at any  time without notice. For more  information about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
  See Pricing Information. Additional fees and charges  apply.  Pricing  Information and other fees and charges are subject to change without notice.
  Global Entry is a U.S. Government program, operated by  U.S. Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”). City National Bank and Visa have no  control over the program including, but not limited to, application, approval  process or enrollment fees charged by CBP, and no liability with regard to the  Global Entry program. For complete details on the Global Entry program,  including full terms and conditions, go to ttp.cbp.dhs.gov. You must complete  the Global Entry application and pay a $100 nonrefundable application fee with  a valid Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card. The $100 statement credit will be  processed after the Global Entry program application fee is charged to a valid  Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card. Holders of a valid Crystal Visa Infinite  Credit Card are entitled to one (1) $100 statement credit per card every four  (4) years in connection with the Global Entry program application fee. This  benefit is subject to change and cancellation at any time. For more information  about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits.
  Priority Pass Select is an  independent airport lounge access program and is neither owned by nor otherwise  affiliated with City National Bank or Visa. Crystal Visa Infinite account holders may enroll up to two (2) of the Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholders as members in the  Priority Pass Select program, which cardholders are selected by the owner(s) of  the Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card account. Additional conditions,  limitations and exclusions apply. The Priority Pass Select membership program  benefit is subject to change and cancellation at any time. For more information  about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits.
  Twelve (12) complimentary Inflight Wi-Fi Passes will be  available to you at no additional cost after you complete online registration  at cnb.com/crystalbenefits. Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi Passes are valid for 12 months  from the date that you register your card for the Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi Benefit.  Any unused Inflight Wi-Fi Passes at the end of the 12 month period will expire.  Each Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi Pass provides for complimentary inflight Wi-Fi internet  access for one device at a time on one flight segment on any participating  Gogo-equipped aircraft between destinations within the United States and Canada  where network coverage is available. Participating airlines are subject to  change at any time without notice. Each Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi Pass may be  redeemed on any Wi-Fi-enabled laptop, tablet or smartphone for inflight Wi-Fi internet  access on one (1) flight segment (a segment is defined as a takeoff and a  landing). At the end of your initial 12 month period, provided the Gogo  Inflight Wi-Fi Benefit is still being offered and you continue to meet City  National Bank's eligibility requirements (i.e., the Crystal Visa Infinite Card  account must be open and in good standing), you will receive an email inviting  you to re-register for the benefit at cnb.com/crystalbenefits to receive another  12 Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi Passes. If you have an existing subscription with Gogo,  you will have to suspend or cancel the subscription before you can credit your  Gogo account with the 12 Inflight Wi-Fi Passes. This  benefit is subject to change and cancellation at any time without notice. For more information about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits.
  Benefits and availability vary by hotel property.  Conditions, limitations and exclusions apply. The Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel  Collection benefit is subject to change and cancellation at any time. For more  information about this benefit, see  the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
  Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Cardholders who book through  Crystal Card Concierge receive a VIP welcome at all Relais & Châteaux  hotels as well as complimentary breakfast at approximately 125 participating  properties on stays up to seven (7) consecutive nights. Must book at least 72  hours in advance. The Visa Infinite Hotel Privileges benefit is subject to  change and cancellation at any time. For more information about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
  The Visa Infinite Car Rental Privileges benefits are  subject to each car rental's terms and conditions, which are subject to change.  These benefits are also subject to change and cancellation at any time. For  more information about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
Certain restrictions and  limitations apply. The costs of any goods or services purchased through Crystal  Card Concierge on the cardholder’s behalf are the cardholder’s responsibility  and will be billed directly to the cardholder’s Crystal Visa Infinite Card. Crystal  Card Concierge services are provided under contract to City National Bank by  Ten Lifestyle Management, a worldwide provider of concierge services. For more information about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
  House Seats are reserved by theatre management from among  what are considered the best seats in the house (often the first 15 rows  orchestra section, Front Mezzanine or Loge, depending on the configuration of  the theatre) for use by theatre industry professionals, may be available only  at select locations and exact seat locations cannot be confirmed until the day  of the performance. Premium Seats are also within the best seats in the house  (often the first 15 rows orchestra section, Front Mezzanine or Loge, depending  on the configuration of the theatre) and seat locations will be provided with  purchase confirmation only. Up to four (4) tickets may be ordered at any one time.  Tickets will be held for pick-up at Will Call at the theatre box office on the  day of performance and should be picked up at least 30 minutes before show  time. All tickets must be purchased through Crystal Card Concierge and charged  to a Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card. Crystal Card Concierge will contact The  Broadway League. Purchases will be confirmed by The Broadway League to Crystal  Card Concierge within seven (7) business days. Information about available  shows or tickets for a specific show can be obtained from Crystal Card  Concierge at (800) 595-8950. The Broadway League benefit is subject to change  and cancellation at any time. Additional terms and conditions apply. For more  information on this benefit, see Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
  Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholders are entitled to receive  complimentary Silver status in the Troon Rewards program. Existing Troon  Rewards members who have already attained Silver status or higher will be  upgraded to the next membership level. An eligible Crystal Visa Infinite Card  is required for tee time reservations. At the Silver, Gold, and Platinum  membership levels, the Cardholder will be entitled to a 10%, 15% and 20%  discount respectively on golf fees reserved on the Visa Infinite Troon website  or on merchandise purchases made at the golf properties when using their  Crystal Visa Infinite Card. None of Troon, City National Bank, Visa and its  concierge providers are responsible for any claims or damages arising from this  benefit. By reserving through Troon, the Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholder  consents to be bound by all of the applicable terms and conditions and  limitation of liability, details of which can be found in the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. Troon, Visa and City National Bank reserve the right to  modify or cancel this benefit at any time without notice. 
  Crystal  Visa Infinite Cardholders are invited to reserve tee times at participating  Troon Privé private golf clubs at a rate of $99 (plus tax where applicable) per  player per round. Cardholders may bring up to three (3) guests at the same rate  on each tee time they make and may play each Troon Privé course up to two (2)  times per year. To request a round, the Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholder must  use the form provided at www.troongolfrewards.com/visainfinite and must use an  eligible Crystal Visa Infinite Card for the tee time reservation. Restrictions  on course availability may apply. None of Troon, City National Bank, Visa and  its concierge providers are responsible for any claims or damages arising from  this benefit. By reserving through Troon, the Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholder  consents to be bound by all of the applicable terms and conditions and  limitation of liability, details of which details of which can be found in the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. Troon, Visa  and City National Bank reserve the right to modify or cancel this benefit at  any time without notice. 
  Terms and conditions apply. See  the City  National Rewards Program Terms, Conditions and Program Rules and FAQs for details. 
  Certain restrictions apply for combining Points from  business and personal City National Visa Credit Cards that come with City  National Rewards. See the City National  Rewards Program Terms, Conditions and Program Rules and FAQs for details.
  If your account is closed for any reason, any unredeemed  Points remaining on the date of account closure are forfeited and expire. If  the Rewards Program is terminated for any reason, you will be notified, in  which event you will have at least 60 days to redeem your Points. After this  redemption period, any unredeemed Points will expire. See the City National  Rewards Program Terms, Conditions and Program Rules and FAQs for details.
  Certain limitations, restrictions and exclusions apply.  In order for coverage to apply you must use your covered Visa Crystal Infinite  Credit Card to secure transactions. Benefits are subject to change and cancellation at any time without notice. For more information, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
  Apple Pay and Google Pay are available for in-store,  in-app and online purchases on Apple Pay- and Google Pay-equipped devices,  respectively, at participating merchants. 
  Zero Liability coverage  applies when you have not been grossly negligent in handling your account or  card and you advise us promptly of an unauthorized transaction.
 

    Apple Pay is a registered trademark of Apple Inc.
      Google Pay is a trademark of Google LLC.
      Visa Infinite is a registered trademark owned by Visa  International Service Association and is used under license.