Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card with Rewards1
See the World Through Crystal
Your first-class ticket to luxury travel benefits and  premium lifestyle rewards.
Already have a Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card?  Access the Crystal Visa Infinite Portal to view many of the benefits.
See the Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits.

  
  Travel and Lifestyle Benefits2
  
  
    
      3X City National Rewards Points
      Earn 3 Points per $1 spent on gasoline, grocery,  airline, hotel, taxi (including Uber and Lyft), limousine, rental car, train,  bus, restaurant, fast food, and takeout food dining purchases, and 1 Point  per $1 spent on all other purchases.3        
        
    
    
      $250 Airline Incidental Fees Statement Credit
      Receive a statement credit of up to $250 per  card, per calendar year for Qualifying Airline Purchases.4
    
        
      Up to $550 Airline Lounge Club Membership Fee  Statement Credit
      Receive a statement credit of up to $550 per account per calendar year with $50,000 yearly spend  for any airline lounge club worldwide.5
    
    
      No Foreign Transaction Fees
      Use your Crystal Visa Infinite Card to travel the world and you won't be charged any foreign transaction fees by us on your purchases. See Pricing Information.6
        
        
      $100 Visa Infinite Discount Air Benefit
      
          Save $100 on air travel when you use your Crystal Visa Infinite Card to book a qualifying U.S. domestic round-trip coach airline itinerary for 2 to 5 travelers.7
            
        
      $100 Global Entry Application Fee Statement  Credit
      
          Apply for Global Entry, a U.S. Customs and  Border Protection program, using your Crystal Visa Infinite Card to pay your  application fee and receive a $100 statement credit. If you are approved for  Global Entry, you may use your membership to participate in the U.S.  Transportation and Security Administration’s TSA Pre ✓ program.8
            
                

        
      
        Complimentary  Priority Pass Select Airport  Lounge Access
      
      Through the Priority Pass Select program, up to  two (2) of the Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholders and their accompanying guests can  experience a more relaxing way to travel, with access to a global network of  more than 1,000 airport lounges worldwide.9
            
        
      12 Complimentary Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi  Passes Per Year
      During your next trip, enjoy complimentary internet  access with Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi service on up to 12 flight segments per year on  any Gogo-equipped aircraft. To access the Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi benefit, register  your Crystal Visa Infinite Card at myvisainfinite.com/cnb.10
            
        
            Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel Collection
            
                A selection of superior properties  including  brands like Peninsula, Park Hyatt, and Shangri-La  comprise the Visa Infinite  Luxury Hotel Collection. From boutique gems to world famous resorts, each hotel  is evaluated annually to help ensure it continues to meet the highest  standards. The Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel Collection delivers a premium  collection of benefits, including a best available rate guarantee,  complimentary continental breakfast daily, complimentary in-room Wi-Fi and VIP  amenities when available, VIP Guest status, and much more.11
            
          
            Visa Infinite Hotel Privileges
            
               Enjoy special benefits from leading hotels, like a VIP welcome and complimentary breakfast at select properties with Relais & Châteaux, a prestigious association of approximately 500 luxury properties worldwide.12
              
          
            
                Visa Infinite Car Rental Privileges
              
            Enjoy privileges such as special discounts and upgrades when you use your Crystal Visa Infinite Card to book with Avis, National and Silvercar.13

          
            GroundLink Chauffeured Black Car Service
            
                Unlock special savings on GroundLink chauffeured black car service. Enjoy 15% savings plus a one-time $30 promotional credit for future use when you book and pay with your Crystal Visa Infinite Card.14

          
            Crystal Card Concierge
            
                A 24/7 concierge at your fingertips. Receive customized assistance with airline, hotel and restaurant reservations and virtually any personal or business requests. To learn more about Crystal Card Concierge15 services, Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholders may contact us at 800-595-8950 (U.S. and Canada) or 00-800-2797-825-1 (outside the U.S. and Canada). 

          
            Crystal Card Experiences
            Enjoy invitation-only access to signature events, from luxury concert suites and premium sports packages to intimate wine tastings and seats to Broadway shows.   
          
          
            The Broadway League
            You’ll have an ongoing opportunity to purchase premium seating for Broadway shows in New York City and on tour across North America. Additional benefits may include backstage tours and "meet and greets" with performers. All ticket purchases and additional benefits are subject to availability.16
          
          
            Troon Rewards
            Save on golf tee times, merchandise, and golf instruction with your Crystal Visa Infinite Card.17
          
          
            Troon Privé
            Use your Crystal Visa Infinite Card to access high-end, private golf clubs around the country.18
          
  



  Rewards
  
    
      50,000 Bonus Points Offer
                Earn 50,000 City National Rewards    Bonus Points when you spend $5,000 or more within the first 90 days after account    opening.19
    
    
      Limited Time Only - Earn 25,000 Additional Bonus Points
      Open your account between September 17, 2018, and December 17, 2018, and earn 25,000 additional Bonus Points, for a total of 75,000 Points, when you spend $5,000 or more within the first 90 days after account opening.19
    
    
      Air Travel Flexibility
      Use Rewards Points to purchase airline tickets  on most national and international carriers anytime, with no blackout dates.20
    
    
      Redeem Points for Travel, Merchandise, Statement  Credits, Charities and More
      Enjoy automatic enrollment in City National  Rewards. Built with clients like you in mind, our program lets you select Awards  that suit your idea of the good life  however you define it.20
    
    
      Accelerated Rewards
      Combine Points from all of your City National  business and personal credit cards that come with City National Rewards to earn  premium Awards more quickly.21
    
    
      No Cap on Rewards Points 
      There’s no cap on Points and your Points do not expire as long as your account remains open and the Rewards Program has not ended.22

      Exclusive Excursions
      Redeem Points for a wide variety of specialized adventure or leisure travel packages.20
    
    
      Luxury Brands
      Indulge in style  we have numerous top brand products and personal service Awards from which to choose.20
        



  Protection and Security
  
    
      Auto Rental Collision Damage Waiver23
      Enjoy primary insurance coverage for automobile  rentals made with your Crystal Visa Infinite Card. This benefit allows you to  decline the auto rental company’s collision damage waiver or similar provision.        
    
    
      Personal Identity Theft Protection23
      Reimburses you for certain costs incurred in  restoring your identity as a result of the theft or unauthorized or illegal use  of your name or other personal identity information.
    
    
      Card Alerts
      Keep your Crystal Visa Infinite Card safer with City National Card Alerts.  Receive timely updates on your credit card activity through text messages or by  email.      
    
    
      Chip Technology
      Also called EMV technology, this chip adds an extra level of security to your in-person transactions made at chip-enabled terminals by using dynamic encryption technology, making it more difficult for your card information to be duplicated or copied.
    
        
          Family Card Functionality
          Establish and manage individual spending limits  and monitor transaction activity for each authorized user card issued under  your account.
        
        
          Apple Pay and Google Pay
          Use your Crystal Visa Infinite Card with Apple  Pay and Google Pay for added speed, security and convenience when making  purchases in-store, in-app and online.24
        
        
          Visa Zero Liability
          For no additional cost, Visa's Zero Liability25 may protect you from liability for fraud and theft. Notify us immediately if  you notice an unauthorized transaction or if your card is lost or stolen.
        
    
      Additional Protection and Security Benefits23
      
           Price Protection
           Purchase Security
           Return Protection
           Trip Cancellation/Trip Interruption Protection
           Emergency Card Replacement
           Emergency Cash Distribution
           Roadside Dispatch
           Lost Luggage Reimbursement
           Hotel Theft Protection
           Travel and Emergency Assistance Services
           Trip Delay Reimbursement
           Warranty Manager Service
           Travel Accident Insurance 
      
        

ONLINE AND MOBILE CARD MANAGEMENT 
With City National Online and City  National Mobile, you can view your Crystal Visa Infinite  Card information from  your desktop or mobile device. View balances, transactions and statements, make  and schedule payments, and view information for all authorized cards on your  account.
With Credit Card Online, you have access to even more  card management tools. See how easy it is to manage your card online.
  
  
  View the Credit Card Online demo and review our Credit  Card Online Quick Reference Guide.
Need a copy of your City National Bank Visa Credit Card Agreement? Call (800) 773-7100.
Report a Lost or  Stolen Card
 Notify us as soon as possible if your card is lost or stolen. Please call (877) 529-0473.
Getting Started 
 Contact your local City National banker, or call us at (800) 773-7100. Already a City National  client? Click  here to log in to City National Online and apply. 



 
  All credit cards are subject to  credit approval. 
  Benefits are subject to  change and cancellation at any time without notice.
  Points are earned on net  purchases only (purchases less returns and credits). PIN-based and ATM  transactions do not earn Points. For each $1 spent, earn 3 Points on net  purchases made at merchants that classify their merchant location for Visa in  any of the following categories: airlines, hotels, taxis, limousines, rental  cars, trains, buses, gasoline stations, groceries, restaurants, fast food and  takeout food dining establishments, and 1 Point on all other net purchases. We  do not determine whether merchants correctly identify and bill transactions as  being made at locations in each particular category. However, we do reserve the  right to determine which purchases qualify for the 3 Points on category  purchases. Purchases not eligible to receive the 3 Points on category purchases  include, but are not limited to, purchases made at superstores, warehouse  clubs, discount stores and their affiliates, and they will instead receive 1  Point. Online and catalog purchases are not eligible to receive the 3 Points on  category purchases, and they will instead receive 1 Point, unless the merchants  have correctly identified and billed the transactions. See the City National  Rewards Program Terms, Conditions and Program Rules and FAQs for details.
  Statement credit is  provided under the Airline Incidental Fees Statement Credit benefit and is  limited to Qualifying Airline Purchases made at eligible U.S.-Domestic Airline  Carriers. Qualifying Airline Purchases must be charged to a Crystal Visa  Infinite Credit Card to be eligible for a statement credit. Qualifying Airline  Purchases are defined as incidental airline fee transactions made at eligible U.S.-Domestic  Airline Carriers and include: ticket change/cancellation fees, checked baggage  fees, inflight entertainment, onboard food and beverage charges, airport lounge  membership fees and day passes, onboard wireless charges (excluding Gogo Inflight  Wi-Fi), and TSA Pre✓ membership application fee. Qualifying Airline Purchases may vary by airline.  Merchants are responsible for correctly identifying the transactions under the  appropriate codes or identifiers on Visa's proprietary network. City National  Bank and Visa rely on the merchant to submit the correct information for the  transaction. Additional conditions, limitations and exclusions apply. The  Airline Incidental Fees Statement Credit benefit is subject to change and  cancellation at any time. This benefit may be subject to taxation and Form 1099  reporting. Taxes, if any, are the responsibility of the Crystal Visa Infinite  Credit Cardholder. For more information on Qualifying Airline Purchases and  this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits.
    
    TSA Pre✓ is a  U.S. Government program operated by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security  ("DHS") through the Transportation Security Administration  ("TSA") service. It is an expedited security screening program  available for select travelers who are traveling domestically within the United  States and for international travel when departing from a U.S. airport that  participates in the program. The airline also must be participating in the  program. Selection for TSA Pre✓ expedited screening is made on a per flight basis and is  not guaranteed. Eligible Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Cardholders can apply for  membership in the TSA Pre✓ program and must pay the application fee (currently $85)  with their Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card to receive the statement credit.  Acceptance into the TSA Pre✓ program is at the sole discretion of the TSA. Neither  City National Bank nor Visa has any control over the TSA Pre✓ program  including, without limitation, application, approval process or enrollment and  no liability with regards to the TSA Pre✓ program. For complete details on the TSA Pre✓  program, including full terms and conditions, go to www.tsa.gov. The TSA Pre✓ trademark is used with the permission of the U.S.  Department of Homeland Security. 
  If the Total Spend on your Crystal Visa Infinite Card account is $50,000 or  greater in the current calendar year or the prior calendar year, you may  request and receive a statement credit of up to $550 for a Qualifying Airline  Lounge Membership Fee charged to your Crystal Visa  Infinite Card account during the same calendar year in which you request the  statement credit. Each Crystal Visa Infinite Card account is eligible for only  one (1) Airline Lounge Club Membership Fee Statement Credit per calendar year,  regardless of the number of cardholders on the Crystal Visa Infinite Card  account. Total Spend means the aggregate amount of the net purchases (purchases  less returns and credits) on your Crystal Visa Infinite Card account for all  cardholders.  A Qualifying Airline Lounge  Membership Fee means the annual fee charged by any airline for a Crystal Visa  Infinite Cardholder’s membership in that airline’s lounge club and does not  include any other amounts charged for use or services obtained at that airline  lounge club, including day passes. If at the time you purchase  an airline lounge club membership that is also eligible for a statement credit  under the Airline Incidental Fees Statement Credit benefit, the Airline Incidental  Fees Statement Credit will be applied first, and any amount that is not  credited to you as part of the Airline Incidental Fees Statement Credit benefit  is available to you as part of the Airline Lounge Club Membership Fee Statement  Credit benefit. This benefit may be subject to taxation or Form 1099  reporting. Taxes, if any, are the responsibility of the Crystal Visa Infinite  Card account holder. Additional terms  and conditions apply. This benefit is subject to change and cancellation at any  time without notice.For more  information about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
  See Pricing Information. Additional fees and charges  apply.  Pricing  Information and other fees and charges are subject to change without notice.
  Discount is limited to $100 on the purchase of between two (2)  and five (5) qualifying roundtrip U.S. domestic coach airline tickets on the  same itinerary when purchased using an eligible Crystal Visa Infinite Card. The  Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholder purchasing the tickets must be the primary  traveler on the itinerary. Additional conditions, limitations and exclusions  apply. The Visa Infinite Discount Air Benefit is subject to change and  cancellation at any time. For more  information about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
  Global Entry is a U.S. Government program, operated by  U.S. Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”). City National Bank and Visa have no  control over the program including, but not limited to, application, approval  process or enrollment fees charged by CBP, and no liability with regard to the  Global Entry program. For complete details on the Global Entry program,  including full terms and conditions, go to ttp.cbp.dhs.gov. You must complete  the Global Entry application and pay a $100 nonrefundable application fee with  a valid Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card. The $100 statement credit will be  processed after the Global Entry program application fee is charged to a valid  Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card. Holders of a valid Crystal Visa Infinite  Credit Card are entitled to one (1) $100 statement credit per card every four  (4) years in connection with the Global Entry program application fee. This  benefit is subject to change and cancellation at any time. For more information  about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits.
  Priority Pass Select is an  independent airport lounge access program and is neither owned by nor otherwise  affiliated with City National Bank or Visa. City National Bank will enroll up  to two (2) of the Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Cardholders as members in the  Priority Pass Select program, which cardholders are selected by the owner(s) of  the Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card account. Additional conditions,  limitations and exclusions apply. The Priority Pass Select membership program  benefit is subject to change and cancellation at any time. For more information  about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits.
  Twelve (12) complimentary Inflight Wi-Fi Passes will be  available to you at no additional cost after you complete online registration  at myvisainfinite.com/cnb. Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi Passes are valid for 12 months  from the date that you register your card for the Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi Benefit.  Any unused Inflight Wi-Fi Passes at the end of the 12 month period will expire.  Each Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi Pass provides for complimentary inflight Wi-Fi internet  access for one device at a time on one flight segment on any participating  Gogo-equipped aircraft between destinations within the United States and Canada  where network coverage is available. Participating airlines are subject to  change at any time without notice. Each Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi Pass may be  redeemed on any Wi-Fi-enabled laptop, tablet or smartphone for inflight Wi-Fi internet  access on one (1) flight segment (a segment is defined as a takeoff and a  landing). At the end of your initial 12 month period, provided the Gogo  Inflight Wi-Fi Benefit is still being offered and you continue to meet City  National Bank's eligibility requirements (i.e., the Crystal Visa Infinite Card  account must be open and in good standing), you will receive an email inviting  you to re-register for the benefit at myvisainfinite.com/cnb to receive another  12 Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi Passes. If you have an existing subscription with Gogo,  you will have to suspend or cancel the subscription before you can credit your  Gogo account with the 12 Inflight Wi-Fi Passes. This  benefit is subject to change and cancellation at any time without notice. For more information about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits.
  Benefits and availability vary by hotel property.  Conditions, limitations and exclusions apply. The Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel  Collection benefit is subject to change and cancellation at any time. For more  information about this benefit, see  the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
  Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Cardholders who book through  Crystal Card Concierge receive a VIP welcome at all Relais & Châteaux  hotels as well as complimentary breakfast at approximately 125 participating  properties on stays up to seven (7) consecutive nights. Must book at least 72  hours in advance. The Visa Infinite Hotel Privileges benefit is subject to  change and cancellation at any time. For more information about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
  The Visa Infinite Car Rental Privileges benefits are  subject to each car rental's terms and conditions, which are subject to change.  These benefits are also subject to change and cancellation at any time. For  more information about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
  The GroundLink benefit is a 15% discount off of the base rate for  reservations booked with an eligible Crystal Visa Infinite Card (discount not  applicable to taxes and fees such as tolls, parking and wait time). Upon card  validation, Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholders also get one (1) $30 promotional  credit that can be applied toward a GroundLink reservation booked with that  card. Limit one (1) promotional credit per Crystal Visa Infinite Card. Users  must have registered for a GroundLink account with their Crystal Visa Infinite  Card stored in their GroundLink profile. The eligible Crystal Visa Infinite  Card must be used as payment for the ride to qualify for the discount or use  the promotional credit. Benefit and promotional codes are non-transferrable and  cannot be combined with any other benefit or discount. Visa and City National  Bank reserve the right to modify or cancel this benefit at any time without  notice. The GroundLink service is provided by GroundLink Holdings LLC. Neither  Visa nor City National Bank is responsible for any claims or damages arising  from the use of the GroundLink service. Additional terms and conditions apply. This benefit is subject to change and cancellation at any  time without notice. For more  information about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
  Certain restrictions and  limitations apply. The costs of any goods or services purchased through Crystal  Card Concierge on the cardholder’s behalf are the cardholder’s responsibility  and will be billed directly to the cardholder’s Crystal Visa Infinite Card. Crystal  Card Concierge services are provided under contract to City National Bank by  Ten Lifestyle Management, a worldwide provider of concierge services. For more information about this benefit, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
  House Seats are reserved by theatre management from among  what are considered the best seats in the house (often the first 15 rows  orchestra section, Front Mezzanine or Loge, depending on the configuration of  the theatre) for use by theatre industry professionals, may be available only  at select locations and exact seat locations cannot be confirmed until the day  of the performance. Premium Seats are also within the best seats in the house  (often the first 15 rows orchestra section, Front Mezzanine or Loge, depending  on the configuration of the theatre) and seat locations will be provided with  purchase confirmation only. Up to four (4) tickets may be ordered at any one time.  Tickets will be held for pick-up at Will Call at the theatre box office on the  day of performance and should be picked up at least 30 minutes before show  time. All tickets must be purchased through Crystal Card Concierge and charged  to a Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card. Crystal Card Concierge will contact The  Broadway League. Purchases will be confirmed by The Broadway League to Crystal  Card Concierge within seven (7) business days. Information about available  shows or tickets for a specific show can be obtained from Crystal Card  Concierge at (800) 595-8950. The Broadway League benefit is subject to change  and cancellation at any time. Additional terms and conditions apply. For more  information on this benefit, see Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
  Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholders are entitled to receive  complimentary Silver status in the Troon Rewards program. Existing Troon  Rewards members who have already attained Silver status or higher will be  upgraded to the next membership level. An eligible Crystal Visa Infinite Card  is required for tee time reservations. At the Silver, Gold, and Platinum  membership levels, the Cardholder will be entitled to a 10%, 15% and 20%  discount respectively on golf fees reserved on the Visa Infinite Troon website  or on merchandise purchases made at the golf properties when using their  Crystal Visa Infinite Card. None of Troon, City National Bank, Visa and its  concierge providers are responsible for any claims or damages arising from this  benefit. By reserving through Troon, the Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholder  consents to be bound by all of the applicable terms and conditions and  limitation of liability, details of which can be found in the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. Troon, Visa and City National Bank reserve the right to  modify or cancel this benefit at any time without notice. 
  Crystal  Visa Infinite Cardholders are invited to reserve tee times at participating  Troon Privé private golf clubs at a rate of $99 (plus tax where applicable) per  player per round. Cardholders may bring up to three (3) guests at the same rate  on each tee time they make and may play each Troon Privé course up to two (2)  times per year. To request a round, the Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholder must  use the form provided at www.troongolfrewards.com/visainfinite and must use an  eligible Crystal Visa Infinite Card for the tee time reservation. Restrictions  on course availability may apply. None of Troon, City National Bank, Visa and  its concierge providers are responsible for any claims or damages arising from  this benefit. By reserving through Troon, the Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholder  consents to be bound by all of the applicable terms and conditions and  limitation of liability, details of which details of which can be found in the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. Troon, Visa  and City National Bank reserve the right to modify or cancel this benefit at  any time without notice. 
  The Bonus Points offer is available if you do not currently have, and have not had within the 24 months prior to the date of application, a City National Bank Visa personal credit card account. The Bonus Points will be awarded subject to the conditions below. If you apply and are approved for a Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card account, you will qualify and receive 50,000 Bonus Points (plus, if your account is opened between September 17, 2018 and December 17, 2018, an additional 25,000 Bonus Point, for a total of 75,000 Bonus Points), if you make net new purchases (purchases less returns and credits) totaling $5,000 or more, which are posted to your Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card account, as applicable, during the first 90 days following the date of account opening. Please allow at least seven (7) days for processing your application request. If additional information is needed, the processing of your application may take longer and delay the opening of your account. The posting date for a purchase may be later than the transaction date, depending on the date merchant information is received by City National Bank. Therefore, if a purchase takes place near the end of the 90-day period, the posting date may not occur until after the expiration date of the 90-day period, in which case the purchase will not be counted toward the $5,000 or more spending requirement. Bonus Points are earned on a per account basis and not on each card issued under an account. PIN-based and ATM transactions do not earn Points. Taxes on the Bonus Points, if any, are the responsibility of the Crystal Visa Infinite Cardholder. After qualifying, please allow 4 to 6 weeks for the Bonus Points to be credited to your City National Rewards account. To receive the Bonus Points, the Crystal Visa Infinite Card account must be open and in good standing (such as, not delinquent or otherwise in default) at the time the Bonus Points are posted to your City National Rewards account. See the City National  Rewards Program Terms, Conditions and Program Rules and FAQs for further information  about earning Points. Program Rules are subject to change at any time without  notice. 
    
    City National Bank may from time to time have Bonus Points  offers available on its Personal Credit Card products that differ from the  offer described above. Such offers may include a higher or lower amount of  Bonus Points for a higher or lower amount of net purchase transactions. Please  contact a City National banker to learn about the availability and terms of any  other Bonus Points offers. Bonus Points offers cannot be combined. If you apply  for a Crystal Visa Infinite Credit Card account under one such other Bonus  Points Offer, then the amount of Bonus Points indicated in that offer will  apply.
  
  Terms and conditions apply. See  the City  National Rewards Program Terms, Conditions and Program Rules and FAQs for details. 
  Certain restrictions apply for combining Points from  business and personal City National Visa Credit Cards that come with City  National Rewards. See the City National  Rewards Program Terms, Conditions and Program Rules and FAQs for details.
  If your account is closed for any reason, any unredeemed  Points remaining on the date of account closure are forfeited and expire. If  the Rewards Program is terminated for any reason, you will be notified, in  which event you will have at least 60 days to redeem your Points. After this  redemption period, any unredeemed Points will expire. See the City National  Rewards Program Terms, Conditions and Program Rules and FAQs for details.
  Certain limitations, restrictions and exclusions apply.  In order for coverage to apply you must use your covered Visa Crystal Infinite  Credit Card to secure transactions. Benefits are subject to change and cancellation at any time without notice. For more information, see the Crystal  Visa Infinite Credit Card Guide to Benefits. 
  Apple Pay and Google Pay are available for in-store,  in-app and online purchases on Apple Pay- and Google Pay-equipped devices,  respectively, at participating merchants. 
  Zero Liability coverage  applies when you have not been grossly negligent in handling your account or  card and you advise us promptly of an unauthorized transaction.
 
    Apple Pay is a trademark of Apple Inc.
      Google Pay is a registered trademark of Google LLC.
      Visa Infinite is a registered trademark owned by Visa  International Service Association and is used under license.