Hilton Honors Terms & Conditions

jsLoader.push({
url: '/skins/common/js/addthis.js'
});        
jsLoader.push({
url: 'https://dev.virtualearth.net/mapcontrol/mapcontrol.ashx?v=7.0'
});
jsLoader.push({
url: '/skins/common/js/locations.dev.js'
});

Share
Print


// jready.min.js
(function(){window.jReady||(window.jReady=function(a){"function"==typeof a&&(window.jQuery?a(window.jQuery):jInt=setInterval(function(){window.jQuery&&(clearInterval(jInt),a(window.jQuery))},10))})})();

jReady(function ($) {
$('head').append('');
});

div.right_column ol[type="a"] {
list-style-type: lower-alpha;
}
.selectLanguageFormContainer {
padding-left: 390px;
padding-bottom: 10px;
}
@media screen and (max-width: 650px) {
 #body_wrapper { padding-top: 0; }
 #global_header_wrapper { display: none; }
 #global_header { width: auto; }
 div#page_wrapper { background: #fff; }
 #header-canvas { display: none; }
 div.two_column { width: auto; }
 div.two_column div.content_row { margin-top: 22px; }
 div.left_column { display: none; }
 div.right_column { width: auto; margin: 0 auto; float: none; padding: 0 16px; }
 .social_component { display:none; }
 div#footer_wrapper { width: auto; }
 #brand_bar { display: none; }
 .selectLanguageFormContainer { padding-left: 0px; }
 .right_column h1 { margin-right: 10px; }
 .policyLogos { width: 90%; }
}
 .social_component { display:none; }
 div#footer_wrapper { width: auto; }
 #brand_bar { display: none; }
 .right_column a[name="toppage"] + #form,
 .right_column a[name="toppage"] + script + div > #form,
 .right_column a[name="toppage"] + div > #form { margin-left: -390px; }
 .right_column h1 { margin-right: 10px; }
 .right_column h1 + p > img { width: 90%; }
}

Effective Date: August 14, 2018. The following supersedes all prior Terms & Conditions. By participating or continuing to participate after the effective date, you agree to the following:
 
 The following information forms the basis of participation in the Hilton Honors Member Reward Program ("Hilton Honors" or "Program"). These Terms and Conditions ("Terms and Conditions") are intended to protect the members of Hilton Honors ("Members"), and Hilton Honors Worldwide, LLC ("Hilton Honors" or "We"). Your participation in this Program will be governed by these Terms and Conditions, and it is your responsibility to read and understand all of them.
 
If you require clarification or further information, you may contact the nearest Hilton Reservations and Customer Care or send an e-mail to HiltonHonors@hilton.com. Please note however, Hilton Honors Program Terms and Conditions cannot be superseded or changed except in writing from Hilton Honors.

 General
 Accrual of Points
Accrual of Milestone Hilton Honors Bonus Points
 Car Rental Hilton Honors Bonus Points
 Double Dip Earnings Style Options
 Hilton Honors Amenities
 Hilton Honors Membership Tiers
5th Night Free
48 Hour Guarantee
Elite Rollover Nights
Elite Status Gifting
 Reward Redemption
 Hilton Honors Reward Exchange
 Hotel Reward Stays
 Event Planner Program - Global
 Point Purchase Program
 Hilton Honors Points Pooling and Points Transfer
 Hilton Honors Mutual Fund
 Your Agreement to Our Use of Information about You
 Conditions of Participation

General

 Hilton Honors Program membership and its benefits are offered at the sole discretion of Hilton Honors, a wholly owned subsidiary of Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. Hilton Honors is defined as Hilton Honors Worldwide, LLC, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, partners, employees, and agents.
 The Hilton Honors Program Terms and Conditions are governed by and are to be construed under the laws of the State of New York, U.S.A, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions that would cause the application of any other state laws. Claims may not be resolved through any form of class action. By participating in the Hilton Honors Program, Members consent that venue for all suits will be in the Eastern District of Virginia or, if there's no federal jurisdiction, venue will be in Fairfax County, Virginia. The Program Terms and Conditions set forth here in supersede all prior Program Terms and Conditions.
 Membership in and application for membership in the Hilton Honors Program is void if prohibited by law in the country of the Member's or applicant's domicile.
 The Program has no predetermined termination date and may continue until such time as Hilton Honors decides to terminate the Program, at any time, with or without notice. Members will have twelve months from the date Program termination is announced to accumulate Points and redeem a desired Reward. This means that, regardless of the amount you participate in the Program, your right to accumulate Points and claim Rewards can be terminated by Hilton Honors twelve months after Hilton Honors announces Program termination.
 Hilton Honors reserves the right to add, modify, delete or otherwise change any of the rules, procedures, conditions, benefits, or Rewards pertaining to the Program at its sole discretion, with or without notice, even though changes may affect the value of Points or Reward Certificates or Confirmations already accumulated. This means that Hilton Honors may make changes that affect, but are not limited to, hotels within the Hilton Portfolio, travel partner affiliations, rules for earning Hilton Honors Points, redeeming Hilton Honors Points, rules and procedures for the use of Rewards, continued availability of Rewards, Reward types, and the features of special offers.
 Only individuals of majority age in their state of residence may enroll in Hilton Honors and become Members (defined as individuals who have been accepted as Members by Hilton Honors). Corporations, associations or groups are not permitted to enroll in Hilton Honors. Married couples who became Hilton Honors Mutual Fund Members prior to April 1, 2004 may participate jointly through Hilton Honors Mutual Fund.
 Program membership entitles Members the right to earn Points, which can be redeemed for Rewards in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Program. Member benefits and Rewards are offered in good faith, however may not be available if prohibited by law or regulation in Member's country of residence.
 Members must not maintain membership in or earn Points on multiple accounts.
 Hilton Honors reserves the right to suspend or discontinue Hilton Honors membership, including any Elite Tier status (including Silver Elite Member, Gold Elite Member, and Diamond Elite Member status), for any Member who appears to be using the Program in a manner inconsistent with the Terms and Conditions or intent of the Program or any portion of the Program, including, but not limited to, Reward redemption or Certificate use. Hilton Honors also reserves the right to discontinue membership for any Member who Hilton Honors believes, or if there are reasonable grounds for suspecting, in its sole discretion, has:
 
 
  acted in a manner inconsistent with applicable local or federal laws, regulations or ordinances,
  breached or violated any of these Program Terms and Conditions,
  engaged in any fraudulent or dishonest behavior, theft, misconduct or wrongdoing in connection with the account, including without limitation, involving Reward redemption or Certificate use, or other Member benefits,
  engaged in any abusive, fraudulent, disruptive, inappropriate, offensive or hostile conduct, whether it be physical, verbal or written in nature, towards any hotel within the Hilton Portfolio or their guests or employees, or towards Hilton or any of its employees or contractors, or
  failed to pay any bills or accounts due to Hilton or any hotel within the Hilton Portfolio.
 
Such discontinued membership may result in the loss of all accumulated Points and the cancellation of Hilton Honors Certificates, benefits and privileges, including the loss of any associated Elite Tier status. In addition to discontinuance of Hilton Honors membership, Hilton Honors shall have the right to take appropriate administrative and/or legal action, including, without limitation, criminal prosecution, as it deems necessary in its sole discretion.

 The sale or barter of any Hilton Honors Points, Certificates, Rewards Confirmations or other Hilton Honors benefits other than by Hilton Honors is prohibited. Any Points, Certificates or benefits which Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. deems in its sole discretion to have been transferred, sold or assigned in violation of Program Terms and Conditions may be confiscated or canceled.
 All interpretations of Program Terms and Conditions shall be at the sole discretion of Hilton Honors.
 The term "hotel within the Hilton Portfolio" as used in these Terms and Conditions is defined any hotel that participates in the Hilton Honors program. All Hampton by Hilton hotels in China are currently excluded from the Hilton Honors program.
 Members who do not have eligible activity as defined in a. - d. below in any 12 consecutive month period may be removed from the Program and are subject to forfeiture of all accumulated Points. At the discretion of Hilton Honors, such Members may be permitted to remain in the Program and removed after five years of inactivity. To keep accumulated Hilton Honors Points, the Member must take one of the following actions within a 12 consecutive month period:
 
  stay at a hotel within the Hilton Portfolio pursuant to the terms herein;
  earn Hilton Honors Points through any third party source of Hilton Honors Point accumulation, including a Hilton co-branded credit card, pursuant to its terms;
  purchase Hilton Honors Points; or,
  donate Points through The Hilton Honors Giving Back Program.
 
 Failure to take action (a), (b), (c) or (d) described above will result in the forfeiture of all accumulated Points and, after five years of inactivity, to deactivation of the Member's account. Once the Points have been forfeited, the Member may not retrieve any forfeited Points but Member may begin to earn Points again thereafter. Any Reward redeemed by the Member before the Points are forfeited (such as a hotel reservation made or a car rental voucher obtained) is still valid. This applies to any year of enrollment, including without limitation, the first year of enrollment. Members who fail to pay mortgage related payments properly due and owed to Hilton Grand Vacations, including but not limited to principal payments, interest payments, late fees, and service fees are subject to forfeiture of Points equal to the amount of Points accumulated in connection with Hilton Grand Vacations. Further, Members who so fail to pay amounts due to Hilton Grand Vacations are subject to forfeiture of any Elite tier status earned through Hilton Grand Vacations.
 Each Member is responsible for remaining knowledgeable as to the Program Terms and Conditions and as to the number of Points in his or her account. Hilton Honors may attempt, but is not required, to send correspondence to active Members to advise them of matters of interest, including notification of Point forfeiture or Program changes. Neither Hilton Honors, nor third party companies participating as marketing partners in the Program ("Marketing Partners") will be liable for any failure to do so and will not be responsible for incorrect or inaccurate transcription of Member contact information, for problems related to any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized by the Member, for any human error, for any interruption, deletion, omission, defect, or line failure of any telephone network or electronic transmission, for problems relating to computer equipment, software, inability to access any Web site or on-line service, for any other technical or non-technical error or malfunction, for lost, late, stolen, illegible, incomplete, garbled, misdirected, mutilated or postage due mail or other mail or e-mail for whatever reason.
 Each Member is responsible for creating private account access information and for maintaining the security of that information. If the security of that information is breached by Member or a third party, Hilton Honors shall not be liable for any access to that account not authorized by Member, accumulation of Points, redemption of Rewards, or other account activity that occurs as a result, and in no event shall Hilton Honors be responsible for reimbursing Member for any Points redeemed or other damages or losses claimed to occur as a result of that unauthorized access. If Member becomes aware of any fraudulent activity, including unauthorized redemption of Member's Points or Rewards, Member must report the fraudulent activity to Hilton Honors in writing, within 90 days of it occurring, and provide all further requested information and cooperation to Hilton Honors to be eligible for reinstatement of lost Points or Rewards, which reinstatement may be awarded in Hilton Honors' sole discretion.
 Each Member is responsible for advising Hilton Honors of any changes to his or her contact information.
 Accrued Points and Reward Certificates and Confirmations do not constitute property of the Members. Except as specifically provided herein, neither accrued Points nor Reward Certificates/Confirmations are transferable for any reason or by operation of law. Points and Certificates accrued by Mutual Fund Members may be used by either spouse listed on the account.
 Specific Program benefits and services have been established for all Members; however, benefits and services offered by hotels within the Hilton Portfolio may vary. If Hilton Honors, or any Hilton Honors Marketing Partner improperly denies a Member an accrual or benefit, the liability of Hilton Honors, or the Marketing Partner will be limited to the equivalent value of that accrual or benefit as determined solely by Hilton Honors.
 Hilton Honors is not responsible, and assumes no liability, for changes or discontinuances of the Marketing Partner's service or product(s) which may affect Program Rewards offered, the accrual of Points or devaluation of Certificates.
 Nothing in the Hilton Honors Program Terms and Conditions is intended or shall be construed to create or establish any agency, partnership or joint venture relationship between Hilton Honors and the Marketing Partners.
 In case of the death of a Member, Points in the Member’s account may be transferred to another active Member upon Hilton Honors’ receipt and approval of certain requested documentation and information. View required documentation regarding transference of a deceased Member's benefits. To be eligible, transfer must be requested and all required documents and information provided within one year from the date of the Member’s death. Any transfer remains within the sole discretion of Hilton Honors Any decision made by Hilton Honors in response to a request for transfer is final and not subject to further review or dispute. Elite status cannot be transferred and Points received by a Member through such a transfer will not count toward Elite status.

Accrual of Points

 Hilton Honors Points can be earned for hotel stays only at hotels within the Hilton Portfolio. Participating hotels within the Hilton Portfolio are subject to change at any time, without notice. Consult individual hotel listing on Hilton.com or at HiltonHonors.com to determine participation. All Hampton by Hilton hotels in China are currently excluded from the Hilton Honors program. If a hotel ceases to be a hotel within the Hilton Portfolio, all stays subsequent to such date will not be eligible to earn Hilton Honors Points regardless of when the reservation was made.
 To earn Hilton Honors Points or credit toward tier status for hotel stays, a Member must be a registered, paying and staying guest at a participating hotel within the Hilton Portfolio and meet all of the conditions described herein. Members may also earn Hilton Honors Points for eligible charges to Hilton Honors credit cards, a list of such credit cards is available here, subject to terms outlined in their Cardmember Agreement. See the Credit Card Terms and Conditions for additional details. Points may also be earned for other activities as designated by Hilton Honors from time to time.
 A "stay" is defined as the total number of consecutive nights spent at the same hotel, whether or not a guest checks out and checks back in again. Specifically excluded from the definition of "stay" are the following types of ineligible stays:
 
  wholesale/tour operator packages;
  contracted crew rates;
  travel agency discount rates;
  packages exclusively for casino player card holders;
  unauthorized Members staying on Go Hilton Team Member or Family & Friends Travel Rates;
  stays secured utilizing Hilton Grand Vacations Club and Hilton Club timeshare programs, Hilton Grand Vacations marketing packages with a sales presentation requirement;
  complimentary or barter rooms;
  NET Group rates;
  Series Group or IT Group rates;
  contracted Entertainment or Encore rates;
  third party websites bookings (irrespective of rate paid); and
  "opaque" channel bookings where the brand may or may not be known at the time of purchase.
 
Hilton Honors Points (or stay credit) may not be earned (including as a My Way benefit) for or during ineligible stays, including without limitation, folio charges incurred during ineligible stays. If at least one night of the Member's stay is consumed with the use of Hilton Honors Rewards Points, the entire stay is considered a "Reward Stay" and Hilton Honors Points may be earned. Participating hotel will determine whether incidental charges incurred during either of those stays are eligible for Points, except that Points will not be earned for incidental charges at Hampton by Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Homewood Suites by Hilton, and Home2 Suites by Hilton.
No Points or credit toward tier status will be awarded for "no show" situations when a Member has made a reservation guaranteed with a credit card but then does not check in to the hotel--irrespective of whether or not the Member's credit card is charged for any portion of the reserved stay per the hotel's "no show" policy.
 A Member may earn Base Points for up to two rooms per stay, if all eligible charges for both rooms are paid on one folio. Base Points will be earned for all eligible folio charges incurred on both rooms. The term "eligible folio charges" is defined below. Bonus Points issued on Base Points, including tier bonuses (20%, 80% or 100%, depending on Member tier), Bonus Points earned through double or triple Base Point promotions, will apply to the total Base Point credit earned for both rooms. For any other bonuses, including Hilton Honors Marketing Partner Bonus Points and other promotional bonuses (e.g. promotional miles), Bonus Points will be awarded on one room only. For purposes of obtaining tier status, a Member will receive stay and night credit for one room only.
 "Double Points" means the Member will receive a bonus equal to the number of Base Points earned during a stay and "Triple Points" means the Member will receive a bonus double the number of Base Points earned during a stay. Bonus Points earned on Base Points do not count toward Elite tier qualification.
 Members will earn Hilton Honors Base Points for every eligible U.S. dollar (or other currency equivalent) charged to an individual Member's hotel bill ("eligible folio") for stays at participating hotels within the Hilton Portfolio.
 The term "eligible folio charges" for Waldorf Astoria Hotels and Resorts, Conrad Hotels and Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Hilton, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites by Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn and Hilton Grand Vacations hotels shall mean: room rate, food and beverage, telephone, laundry, pay-per-view movies, entertainment and recreational facilities, and other incidental charges charged to the Member's room during the Member's stay. Dining room or other charges not billed to a Member's room during a stay are not eligible for credit. Such hotels within the Hilton Portfolio may omit for purposes of Point accrual, incidental charges by non-affiliated hotel entities which are not owned and/or operated by the hotel including, but not limited to, food and beverage outlets, gift shop, drugstore, clothes, gallery or specialty stores, recreational or entertainment concessions. The term "eligible folio charges" for Hampton by Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton, and Homewood Suites by Hilton hotels mean room rate only. Charges in connection with banquets or other catering functions are not considered "eligible folio charges" for purposes of Point accrual, with the exception of Points earned from qualifying meetings or events through the Hilton Honors Hilton Honors Event Planner Program. Folio charges incurred during an ineligible stay are not considered "eligible folio charges."
 Any applicable federal, state or local taxes, including, without limitation, city occupancy tax, are not considered "eligible folio charges" and will be omitted for purposes of Point accrual for hotel stays.
 Members may not accrue more than 100,000 Base Points during one stay, regardless of the amount of eligible folio charges, except for Canopy by Hilton, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Homewood Suites by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton, and Waldorf Astoria Jeddah  Qasr Al Sharq hotels for which there is no cap.
 Points awarded for stays at hotels within the Hilton Portfolio outside the U.S. will be based on local currency converted to U.S. dollars. Local currency will be converted into U.S. dollars weekly, using a published rate of exchange in effect at time of conversion. This rate will be determined at Hilton Honors' sole discretion, based on standard currency conversion methods but may vary from currency conversion rates used by credit card companies.
 A Member whose individual hotel bill is billed directly to a company and the Member is responsible for authorization for settlement at check-out is eligible for Hilton Honors Points as described herein. However, group master-billing arrangements where charges for multiple rooms are placed on one hotel bill and billed to a company or common address or settled at check-out by one individual are not eligible for Hilton Honors Points. Incidental charges (those charged to a Member's room) paid for directly by the Member at check-out are eligible for Point credit. Incidental charges billed to a master bill are not eligible for Point credit.
 Monthly activity statements are available via email or Members may access account information online.
 Members will not earn Points for hotel stays redeemed with a Marketing Partner's discount/free certificate (e.g. frequent flyer award or travel award), unless otherwise stated on the certificate. Members will not earn Points for incidental charges during hotel stays redeemed with a Marketing Partner's discount/free certificate unless otherwise stated on the certificate.
 Members may earn Points for incidental charges at a hotel within the Hilton Portfolio during a full Points Reward Stay, provided such charges are deemed eligible folio charges at Waldorf Astoria Hotels and Resorts, Conrad Hotels and Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Hilton, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites, and Hilton Garden Inn hotels. Members will not earn Points for incidental charges during a Reward Stay at a Hampton by Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Homewood Suites by Hilton or Home2 Suites by Hilton hotel. Members may, however, earn Points on the money portion of a Points & Money Rewards stay at all participating hotels within the Hilton Portfolio, excluding incidental charges at Hampton by Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Homewood Suites by Hilton or Home2 Suites by Hilton hotels. For purposes of counting stays and nights for Elite tier qualification (as explained below) elite status gifting (as explained below) and milestone bonuses (as explained below), Reward Stays will count towards the number of overall stays and nights.
 Hilton Honors Points earned by any individual Member may be transferred only in accordance with the Points Transfer and Registry program or upon death as specified herein.
 Any Points offered in conjunction with specific hotel stays will be considered earned when the stay has been completed, fully paid and added to the Member's account. Points will not be available for redemption before the stay has been completed and paid and the Points have been added to the Member's account.
 If a Member believes he or she did not receive the correct Point credit(s) for hotel stays, he or she must submit a written request for such credit(s) to the nearest Hilton Reservations and Customer Care office, together with a legible copy of the Member's hotel folio. Failure to supply the adequate and unaltered documentation may result in denial of such Point credit. For the Member's protection, all hotel travel documentation should be retained by the Member until the Point credit has appeared on his or her Hilton Honors statement. Requests must be received at Hilton Reservations and Customer Care within six months from the date of activity. For new Members, credit will be accepted for any stay occurring within 30 days prior to enrollment in the Program. Written requests must also include the Member's name; Hilton Honors account number, address and daytime telephone number.
 Current employees of Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc., its parent, affiliates and subsidiaries and the employees or owners of hotels within the Hilton Portfolio (collectively, "Employees") are eligible to participate in the Hilton Honors Program as set forth herein but are subject to certain exceptions of these Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions in accordance with the employee policy provided on the Team Members Hilton Honors web site.

Accrual of Milestone Hilton Honors Bonus Points:

 Members will earn a fixed amount of Hilton Honors Bonus Points (Milestone Bonuses) after achieving a certain number of eligible nights during each calendar year. 
 Members will earn 10,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points at 40 eligible nights and 10,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points for every 10 additional eligible nights thereafter during a calendar year (January 1st through December 31st) 
 Members will earn an additional 30,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points on their 60th eligible night per calendar year.  These Hilton Honors Bonus Points are in addition to the 10,000 Milestone Bonus Points achieved at that night threshold. 
 Within a calendar year, the maximum amount of nights that a member could achieve toward these bonuses is 365 nights equivalent to an additional 360,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points per year. 
 Members will only receive credit for the nights stayed for one room, not multiple rooms booked for the same duration by the same Hilton Honors Member. 
 Milestone Bonuses are considered bonus points and do not count as base points for the purposes of earning status for the calendar year.
 No sign up is required to activate any of the milestone bonuses. They will be credited to member accounts automatically throughout the calendar year in accordance with the Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions.

Car Rental Hilton Honors Bonus Points 
Hilton Honors Bonus Points are awarded for car rentals with Hilton Honors Car Rental Marketing Partners. Means of awarding Bonus Points vary by Marketing Partner. View Hilton Honors Car Rental Marketing Partners and the number of Hilton Honors Bonus Points that may be earned.. For all other Hilton Honors Car Rental Marketing Partners, a hotel stay is not required and Members must present their Hilton Honors card or provide a Hilton Honors account number when picking up the car.
Hilton Honors Amenities for all Members, including Silver Elite, Gold Elite, and Diamond Elite Members 
 
View Member Benefits and accompanying Terms & Conditions. A number of services and benefits ('Amenities') are available to Members of Hilton Honors. These Amenities are offered solely at the discretion of Hilton Honors and the individual hotel. Not all Amenities are provided by all hotels within the Hilton Portfolio. When payment of a resort charge is required, check individual hotel for availability of included Amenities. Hilton Honors members must be the registered, paying and staying guest to qualify for on-property benefits. Member benefits are not transferable to any other individual. Current Hilton Honors Amenities include:

 Private Hilton Honors Reservation Number in the U.S. and Canada: 1-800-4HONORS. Outside the U.S. and Canada, call the Hilton Reservations and Customer Care office nearest you.
 Dedicated Hilton Reservations and Customer Care offices for Member inquiries.
 E-mail Contacts:
 
  E-mail: HiltonHonors@hilton.com
  Mexico/Latin America/South America - MexicoHiltonHonors@hilton.com
  France - HiltonHonorsfr@hilton.com
  United Kingdom/Europe/Middle East/Africa/Nordic (English) - HiltonHonors@hilton.com
  Germany - HiltonHonorsde@hilton.com
  Italy- HiltonHonorsita@hilton.com
  Spain - HiltonHonorses@hilton.com
  Middle East and Africa - MEAHiltonHonors@hilton.com
  Asia - AsiaHiltonHonors@hilton.com
 
 Online Account Information
 Automated Account Inquiry: Telephone 24 hours a day, seven days a week. In the U.S. and Canada (toll-free): 1-800-548-8690. Outside the U.S.: +1-800-449-4155.
 Pre-Registration and Expedited Check-In: Available to all Members for whom Hilton Honors has room preference information and a valid credit card number on file. Hotels within the Hilton Portfolio may reserve credit against a guest's credit card for costs of services in addition to applicable room rates. Hilton Honors has notified all credit card services that any such credit reserved by certain hotels within the Hilton Portfolio in New York and not used for services rendered should be released upon the guest's departure. By using or Expedited Check-In, the Member consents to the reservation of such credit by the hotel as part of the agreed-upon cost of service. As part of the Hilton Honors Expedited Check-In program, Member consents that Hilton Honors may act as Member's agent for the limited purpose of signing the Hotel's guest register.
 Online Point redemption for Hotel Reward Stays requests. Members may access their account online by clicking on the "Reward" tab.
 2nd Guest Stays Free: A second guest stays free in the Member's room on qualifying stays at hotels when there are additional charges for double occupancy. This benefit excludes stays at any hotel when the rate includes additional components (e.g., meals, activities, parking), specialized rates (e.g. package rates, bed & breakfast rates), or taxes that are quoted as a per person or per room charge.
 Late Check-Out: Must be requested and is subject to availability.
 Express Check-Out: Many hotels within the Hilton Portfolio offer expedited Check-Out. Ask for ZipOut CheckOut or Video Check-Out.
 At Qasr al Sharq, all Members will receive two complimentary bottles of water per stay.
 Complimentary in-room and lobby Standard Internet access during stays at Waldorf Astoria Hotels and Resorts, Conrad Hotels and Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Hilton, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites by Hilton and Hilton Garden Inn and Hilton Grand Vacations. For Diamond members, complimentary in-room and lobby Premium Internet access during stays at Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites Hotels, Tru by Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton by Hilton, Homewood Suites by Hilton, and Home2 Suites by Hilton. Qualification for all on-property Hilton Honors benefits, including complimentary Internet and MyWay benefits such as complimentary snacks and beverages, complimentary continental breakfast and space-available upgrades, requires a confirmed reservation made through one of the following channels:
 
  Any official direct Hilton hotel brand or Hilton Honors website (for example, Hilton Honors.com, Hilton.com, Hampton.com, etc.),
  Hilton Reservations & Customer Care phone line (1-800-4HONORS or local Hilton reservations office),
  Hilton Honors or Hilton mobile application,
  Directly at a hotel in the Hilton Portfolio, or
  Through an IATA accredited retail travel agent professional ("Travel Agent") booking through a Hilton channel or the following Global Distribution Systems: Amadeus, Apollo/Galileo, Worldspan and SABRE.
 
 On-property benefits are not awarded in the following circumstances:
 
  Reservations booked through a non-Hilton-direct booking channel or a non-designated GDS, third party website or any other channel,
  Rates available on "opaque" websites where the hotel brand and specific hotel are not known until the booking is made, or
  Third party hotel packages or travel packages not booked through one of the eligible channels.
  Booking ineligible stays, (as defined in the Accrual of Points section) unless hotel contract has specific benefits included.
 

Double Dip Earning Style Options
Effective April 1, 2018, the Earnings Style Options program, including Points and Points and Points and Miles, is no longer a valid feature of Hilton Honors. Any claims relating to the earning of Points and/or Miles under the Earnings Style Option program after April 1, 2018 are void. 
Hilton Honors Membership Tiers
 
 Earning Tier Status
 
Members can earn and maintain Elite tier status based on stays, nights, or Base Points earned in any calendar year. A "calendar year" is understood to mean January 1st through - December 31st of each year. Members must re-qualify for Elite status each calendar year. Bonus Points earned on Base Points do not count toward Elite tier qualification. Elite Rollover Nights will be applied toward earning and maintain Elite tier status to meet the night qualification for each elite tier.   
 
 Moving to a Higher Elite Tier
 
 Members may earn a higher Elite status when their stays, nights or Base Points within a calendar year qualify the Member for the next tier, as set forth in more detail below.
 
 Maintaining Your Elite Tier
 
 Once the Member has reached a certain Elite tier, the Member may keep such status for the calendar year in which the Elite tier was earned and the subsequent calendar year. Documentation (as defined in item #17 of Accrual of Points) must be furnished within 90 days of stay in order to count toward tier-level qualification.
 
Silver Elite Membership

 Hilton Honors Silver Elite membership will be awarded to Members with four stays or 10 nights earned during any calendar year. A "night" is a night that is part of a "stay," as that term is defined herein. Base Points earned will count toward Silver Elite tier qualification. Bonus Points earned on Base Points do not count toward Elite tier qualification. Elite Rollover Nights will be applied toward earning and maintain Elite tier status to meet the 10 night qualification for the Silver Elite tier.
  
Silver Elite Members will receive:
   A 20% bonus on Base Points earned during the period they are Silver Elite Members. Bonuses will be applied to stays in the order they are posted to the Member's account.
   Complimentary in-room and lobby Standard Internet access during stays at Waldorf Astoria Hotels and Resorts, Conrad Hotels and Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Hilton, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites by Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn and Hilton Grand Vacations.*
   Two complimentary bottles of water per stay at Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites by Hilton and Hilton Garden Inn.*
   5th Night Free: For every Standard Room Reward stay of five or more nights, every 5th night is free. Members can utilize the 5th Night Free benefit on an unlimited number of stays annually. Applies only to five consecutive nights within the same full Points Standard Room Reward stay at the same property, up to 20 nights, when confirmed at time of booking. No more than four free nights will be awarded per stay. If free night is declined, reservation is cancelled, or check-out occurs before fifth night, the free night is forfeited and has no cash, Point, or Reward value. After the 5th Night Free benefit is applied, eligible members will be charged 0 points for the 5th night, 10th night, 15th night, and 20th night of the stay, as applicable. All other nights of the stay will be charged at the applicable full Standard Room Reward price. A standard room is defined by each hotel and subject to availability at participating hotels within the Hilton Portfolio. Applies to Standard Room Reward stays only, not to paid stays or Points & Money Rewards. Does not apply when stay is booked as part of a Reward Stay offer, package, or promotion offered by Hilton or any of its partners.
    
    *Bottled Water benefits may be included in resort charge, where it applies. Internet Access may not be complimentary in meeting spaces or at properties with a resort charge.
  

Gold Elite Membership

 Hilton Honors Gold Elite membership will be awarded to Members with 20 stays, 40 nights or 75,000 Base Points earned during any calendar year. A "night" is a night that is part of a "stay," as that term is defined herein. Base Points earned will count toward Gold Elite tier qualification. Bonus Points earned on Base Points do not count toward Elite tier qualification. Elite Rollover Nights will be applied toward earning and maintain Elite tier status to meet the 40 night qualification for the Gold Elite tier.
 Gold Elite Members will receive the following during stays as a registered Gold Elite Member:
 
  A 80% bonus on Base Points earned during the period they are Gold Elite Members. Bonuses will be applied to stays in the order they are posted to the Member's account.
  Complimentary in-room and lobby Standard Internet access during stays at Waldorf Astoria Hotels and Resorts, Conrad Hotels and Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Hilton, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites by Hilton , Hilton Garden Inn and Hilton Grand Vacations.*
  Two complimentary bottles of water per stay at Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites, and Hilton Garden Inn properties.*
  5th Night Free: For every Standard Room Reward stay of five or more nights, every 5th night is free. Members can utilize the 5th Night Free benefit on an unlimited number of stays annually. Applies only to five consecutive nights within the same full Points Standard Room Reward stay at the same property, up to 20 nights, when confirmed at time of booking. No more than four free nights will be awarded per stay. If free night is declined, reservation is cancelled, or check-out occurs before fifth night, the free night is forfeited and has no cash, Point, or Reward value. After the 5th Night Free benefit is applied, eligible members will be charged 0 points for the 5th night, 10th night, 15th night, and 20th night of the stay, as applicable. All other nights of the stay will be charged at the applicable full Standard Room Reward price. A standard room is defined by each hotel and subject to availability at participating hotels within the Hilton Portfolio. Applies to Standard Room Reward stays only, not to paid stays or Points & Money Rewards. Does not apply when stay is booked as part of a Reward Stay offer, package, or promotion offered by Hilton or any of its partners.
  Choose a My Way On-Property benefit. Click this link to view the choices at each hotel brand within the Hilton Portfolio. At Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Curio - A Collection by Hilton and DoubleTree by Hilton and Tapestry Collection by Hilton properties, Gold Hilton Honors Members may be upgraded to preferred rooms up to Executive Floor room types.  Preferred rooms may also include those not on the Executive Floor but conferring Executive Lounge access, the next-best available room types, rooms with desirable views or amenities or other rooms identified as “preferred” by the hotel and may vary within each brand. Group reservations and certain rates are not eligible for complimentary upgrades. All upgrades are granted on a space-available basis for the entire stay, as determined at the time of arrival. Upgrades will be given only for one room for the member, regardless of additional rooms the member may have purchased at or after the time of booking. The following brands do not offer complimentary upgrades: Embassy Suites, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton by Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Homewood Suites by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton, and Hilton Grand Vacations.
   
   * Internet Access and Bottled Water benefits may be included in resort charge where it applies.
 

Diamond Elite Membership

 Hilton Honors Diamond Elite membership will be awarded to Members with 30 stays, 60 nights or 120,000 Base Points earned during any calendar year. A "night" is a night that is part of a "stay," as that term is defined herein. Base Points earned will count toward Diamond Elite tier qualification. Bonus Points earned on Base Points do not count toward Elite tier qualification. Elite Rollover Nights will be applied toward earning and maintain Elite tier status to meet the 60 night qualification for the Diamond Elite tier
 Diamond Elite Members will have access to bid on exclusive Hilton Honors auction experiences that will only be available to Diamond members.  These specifically identified experiences will only be available to Diamond members and identified on the auction page. Additional terms and conditions for the auction platform are located on this page.
 Diamond Elite Members will receive the following during stays as a registered Diamond Elite Member:
 
  A 100% bonus on Base Points earned during the period they are Diamond Elite Members.
  Complimentary in-room and lobby Premium Internet access during stays at Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites Hotels, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton Inn by Hilton, Homewood Suites by Hilton and Home2 Suites by Hilton.*
  Two complimentary bottles of water per stay at Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites, and Hilton Garden Inn.*
  5th Night Free: For every Standard Room Reward stay of five or more nights, every 5th night is free. Members can utilize the 5th Night Free benefit on an unlimited number of stays annually. Applies only to five consecutive nights within the same full Points Standard Room Reward stay at the same property, up to 20 nights, when confirmed at time of booking. No more than four free nights will be awarded per stay. If free night is declined, reservation is cancelled, or check-out occurs before fifth night, the free night is forfeited and has no cash, Point, or Reward value. After the 5th Night Free benefit is applied, eligible members will be charged 0 points for the 5th night, 10th night, 15th night, and 20th night of the stay, as applicable. All other nights of the stay will be charged at the applicable full Standard Room Reward price. A standard room is defined by each hotel and subject to availability at participating hotels within the Hilton Portfolio. Applies to Standard Room Reward stays only, not to paid stays or Points & Money Rewards. Does not apply when stay is booked as part of a Reward Stay offer, package, or promotion offered by Hilton or any of its partners.
 Guaranteed reservations availability, subject to the restrictions stated herein, at hotels within the Hilton Portfolio when paid reservations are made before midnight hotel local time, two or more days (48 hours) prior to intended arrival. RESTRICTIONS: This guarantee does not apply to reservations paid for in part or in full by Hilton Honors Points, or free night certificates issued by Hilton. This guarantee does not apply to a hotel when that hotel becomes overbooked on inventory by 10% or more (meaning, 110% or more of rooms are reserved). For certain hotels within the Hilton Portfolio, this guarantee does not apply when that hotel becomes overbooked on inventory by 2% or more (meaning, 102% or more of rooms are reserved). Consult with the individual hotel or view hotels with the 2% cap to determine whether the 2% limitation applies. This guarantee also does not apply to any hotel during Extraordinary Demand Dates. The term "Extraordinary Demand Dates" are dates determined by the hotel and Hilton Honors, in their sole discretion, that are consistently popular reservation dates for guests, such as during major events in the area or New Year's Eve. This guarantee applies to only one room reserved with a valid credit card and occupied by the Diamond Elite Member. Please note that this guarantee does not impact the rate, and the reservations made under the guarantee will be subject to the hotel's prevailing rate for the accommodations requested. In the event the Member does not arrive as scheduled, or does not call to cancel and obtain a cancellation number, the credit card will be charged one night's room and tax. The 48-Hour Reservations Guarantee applies to reservations made online at a hotel Website, through Hilton Reservations and Customer Care, through the Diamond Special Services Department, or with the hotel directly. Promotional Rewards are not applicable for reservations booked under the 48-Hour Reservations Guarantee. The 48-Hour Reservations Guarantee may periodically be restricted in Homewood Suites by Hilton and Home2 Suites by Hilton hotels due to the extended stay nature of guest stays at the Homewood Suites by Hilton and Home2 Suites by Hilton brands. The 48 hour guarantee does not apply at the Conrad Maldives Resort & Spa, Hilton Seychelles Northolme Resort and Spa, Ho'olei at Grand Wailea, Kingston Plantation Condos, Royale Palms, Conrad Koh Samui Resort & Spa or Hilton Grand Vacation.
   Choose a My Way On-Property benefit. Click this link to view the choices at each hotel brand within the Hilton Portfolio.
   Diamond Elite Members will receive the following during stays as a registered Diamond Elite Member:
At Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Curio - A Collection by Hilton and DoubleTree by Hilton and Tapestry Collection by Hilton properties, Diamond Hilton Honors Members may receive upgrades to preferred rooms, based on availability at the time of arrival. Upgrades for Diamond Hilton Honors Members may include upgrades up to “junior”, “standard” or “one-bedroom” suites. Upgrades exclude executive suites, villas and specialty accommodations/floors/towers (which may include, but not limited to, "Vista," "Villa," or “Club” accommodation types), subject to the discretion of the hotel. Group reservations and certain rates are not eligible for suite accommodations and may not be eligible for complimentary upgrades. All upgrades are granted on a space-available basis for the entire stay, as determined at the time of arrival. Preferred rooms are identified by each individual property and may vary within each brand. Upgrades will be given only for one room for the member, regardless of additional rooms the member may have purchased at or after the time of booking. The following brands do not offer complimentary upgrades: Embassy Suites, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton by Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Homewood Suites by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton, and Hilton Grand Vacations.

 * Internet Access and Bottled Water benefits may be included in resort charge, where it applies.
  
 Diamond status extension 

Eligible Diamond members will have a one-time opportunity to extend their Diamond tier status if they will not requalify via stays/nights/Base Points. 

 Eligibility requirements:
 
  Three total years at Diamond status (years do not have to be consecutive)
  At least 250 nights (paid or reward) OR 500,000+ earned Base Points since joining Hilton Honors.
  Members may submit the request at https://diamond-status-extension.hiltonapps.com/
 
Elite Rollover Nights

 Members in all elite tiers (Silver, Gold and Diamond Members) are eligible to rollover any qualifying nights in excess of those required to qualify for their elite status level at the end of the calendar year (December 31st). 
 Members are only eligible to rollover qualifying nights in excess of those nights required to qualify for a member’s elite status level at the end of the calendar year (Members can rollover nights  in excess of 10 eligible nights for Silver, in excess of 40 eligible nights for Gold and in excess of 60 eligible nights for Diamond).
 Elite rollover nights will be counted toward members’ elite status qualification for the following calendar year (January 1st to December 31st). Base Members will not be eligible to rollover elite qualifying nights. Requirements for membership tiers can be viewed in the Hilton Honors Membership Tiers section. 
 Elite Rollover Nights are calculated as follows to apply to the next qualifying status year: Total qualifying nights at year end (inclusive of rollover from prior year)  any elite rollover nights from the previous year (now expired)  qualifying nights needed to renew your current elite status tier = elite rollover nights for next year
 Rollover nights are only valid for the next calendar year until December 31st and expire thereafter. Rollover nights cannot be reserved and applied to a second or third year. 
 Elite members can only rollover nights.  Stays or Base Points are not eligible to rollover to the following calendar year. 
 Elite members will rollover their elite qualifying nights even if they have downgraded status during the year.  The elite rollover nights will be a calculated in excess of the elite tier status level as of December 31 before applying the calculation. 
 Qualifying nights for paid and reward stays (including Points & Money Rewards stays) count as full qualifying nights for achieving status and are eligible to be rolled over to the following calendar year. Any elite qualifying nights earned through a promotional offer (i.e. double night credit) are also eligible and will be added to the total amount of rollover nights in excess of the number of nights required to gain elite tier status. 
Elite rollover nights will not count toward Milestone Bonuses and will only count toward a member achieving the next status tier.  Requirements for achieving the Milestone Bonuses can be viewed in the Milestone Bonuses section. 
 Elite rollover nights will not count toward Elite Status Gifting and will only count toward a member achieving the next status tier.  Requirements for being eligible for elite status gifting can be viewed in the Elite Status Gifting section. 

Elite Status Gifting

 Members who achieve 60 eligible nights within a calendar year will be able to gift Gold status to another member of their choice. If a member achieves 100 eligible nights within a calendar year then they will be able to gift Diamond status to a member of their choice. Once a member reaches 100 eligible nights, then the option to gift Gold is no longer available and will be changed to the ability to gift Diamond status. A member who reaches either of these night thresholds will only be able to gift status to one member for the calendar year. Once a member gifts Gold or Diamond, no additional gifting benefit will be available for that member in the same calendar year.
 Members who reach gifting qualifications by the end of the calendar year will be able to elect which member will receive that gift of status and must make that election by the following January. The member who is gifting the status must elect which other member will receive the gifted status by 11:59pm EST on January 31st of each calendar year. 
 The gifted status will start immediately after gifted and lasts 365 days from the date gifted. After 365 days, the gifted member’s status will change to the tier status that they would have earned without the gifted status in the previous calendar year. For a member who has gifted Gold status then reaches 100 nights, the gifted Gold upgrade will automatically upgrade to Diamond status and be valid for 365 days from the new upgrade date. Requirements for membership tiers can be viewed in Hilton Honors Membership Tiers section. 
 Members who qualify to gift status the following year can gift to the same member. Members will have to re-elect that specific member to gift the status each year, as the gift will not automatically carry over. 
 Once a status has been gifted to another member, no change can be made during the same year to remove or change that status. 
 The member who will be receiving the gifted status must be enrolled as a Hilton Honors member and this gift cannot be provided to someone who does not have a Hilton Honors account. 
 Qualifying nights for paid and reward stays (including Points & Money Rewards stays) count as full qualifying nights and are eligible toward achieving Gifting Status. Any elite qualifying nights earned through a promotional offer (i.e. double night credit) are also eligible and will be added to the total amount of eligible nights achieved to use Elite Gifting Status. Elite Rollover Nights do not count toward achieving Gifting Status. 

Reward Redemption

 To qualify for a Reward (a "Reward"), the Member must have sufficient Points in his or her account to redeem the Reward, with the following exception: at the time of redemption, a Member may purchase Hilton Honors Bonus Points to reach the required level for redemption (up to 80,000 per calendar year). See "Point Purchase" section for full Point Purchase Terms and Conditions.
 The pricing of reward nights flexes on factors such as the hotel, the level of daily demand, and the room rate. Prices are updated continuously and may change in real time.
 It is solely the responsibility of the Member to be informed about the Program and to request the specific Rewards online, via Hilton Reservations and Customer Care, by telephone or through the mobile app. Rewards requests placed by telephone will require the Member to provide account verification. Some Rewards may be available to print when redeeming online.
 When a Reward is requested, the corresponding number of Points will be deducted from the Member's account. When redeeming Points online, via phone or the mobile app for Hotel Reward Stays or exchanging Hilton Honors Points for airline miles through Reward Exchange, Points will be deducted from the Member's account automatically upon Member completing the redemption transaction.
 The Reward may be issued to the Hilton Honors Member, or to any other person, as directed by the Member. Once issued, the Reward is not transferable and may be used only by the individual named on the Reward. If a person other than the individual named on the Reward documentation attempts to redeem the Reward, the Reward will be deemed void and accommodations and/or transportation will be denied.
 A Reward Confirmation document redeemable for the Reward, requested by the Member, will be issued via the website when redeeming online, on the mobile app, or via Hilton Reservations and Customer Care.
 Rewards may not be sold, auctioned, bartered, brokered, purchased or otherwise transferred except with the express written consent of Hilton Honors. Any Reward obtained in that manner without the required consent will be considered to have been fraudulently obtained and deemed void. Altered Rewards are void. Voided Rewards will not be honored.
 All Rewards are subject to certain restrictions. See the Terms and Conditions below or online at Rewards which apply to each specific Reward.
 Marketing Partner Reward usage is subject to capacity controls, which limit the availability of rental cars, cruises, or the products offered by certain rental car companies or other Hilton Honors Marketing Partners, respectively.
 Travel Rewards are normally valid for one year from date of issuance though Hilton Honors may, from time to time, offer Rewards with shorter validity periods. Travel Reward validity periods appear on the face of the Reward.
 Rewards may not be combined with other certificates, discounts, packages or promotional offers unless otherwise specified in writing by Hilton Honors.
 Rewards cannot be redeemed for cash, prizes or credit..
 Points which have been deducted from the Member's account for a Reward may be re-deposited, in the discretion of Hilton Honors, only provided that ALL Reward documentation (including hotel, car and cruise Certificates) associated with the Reward are returned unused prior to the expiration date of the documentation. Rewards will be re-deposited only into the original account from which the Points were deducted.
 Promotional Rewards involving no Point deduction will not be extended beyond the validity date, exchanged or re-deposited into Member's account for Points or future use.
 Rewards are void where copied, prohibited or restricted by law.
 All Rewards must be redeemed in strict accordance with the procedures specified on the Reward Confirmation document.
 Hilton Honors Marketing Partner Rewards may be substituted with an equivalent Reward by Hilton Honors at any time without notice. Determination of Reward equivalency is at the sole discretion of Hilton Honors.
 Hotel Reward Stays apply to full Point redemptions or Point redemptions combined with money. Redemption stays can be used for Standard Rooms or Premium Rooms; both Reward types are for double occupancy room rate. Additional occupants, age 19 and above, are subject to the standard extra person charges. Any tax liability incurred (if any) in connection with the receipt and/or use of Hilton Honors Rewards, including, but not limited to, local or city occupancy taxes, international departure tax, customs fees, airport surcharges, non-resident tourism fees or individual income tax is the sole responsibility of the user. Incidental charges are the responsibility of the user. At hotels with resort fees, members on reward stays booked using all Points, or using a Promotional free night reward (e.g., issued by credit card partners, etc.) will not pay resort fees.
 Hilton Honors is not responsible, and assumes no liability for transportation or other services that Marketing Partners provide or fail to provide.
 Members residing in countries where redemption of Points for a Hilton Honors Reward, Partner Reward or Reward Exchange is prohibited are not eligible for such Reward.

Hilton Honors Reward Exchange
 
Exchanges may only be made in the specific increments provided via this hyperlink. Both the Marketing Partner program account and the Hilton Honors account must be in the same name. Once an Exchange is made, it cannot be reversed or undone and expediting fees cannot be refunded. The Hilton Honors Reward Exchange is a benefit of the Hilton Honors Program, and is subject to all Hilton Honors Program Terms and Conditions. Please allow 60 days for the Exchange to be posted.
Hotel Reward Stays

 Hotel Reward Stays ("Reward Stays") are stays at hotels within the Hilton Portfolio with the use of full Points or Points combined with payment, where available, or a Reward Certificate. If any portion of Points is used for the Member's stay, the entire stay is considered a Reward Stay.
 Members may book a Reward Stay for standard or premium room types using nearly any combination of Points and money, in increments of 1,000 Points and starting at 5,000 Points. Points & Money Rewards are available at any hotel in the Hilton Portfolio that participates in the Hilton Honors Program, with no blackout dates.
 Members may use full Hilton Honors Points to book a complimentary standard or premium room. Standard Room and Premium Room Rewards are available at any hotel in the Hilton Portfolio that participates in the Hilton Honors Program, with no blackout dates.
 View availability of Reward Stay types for any participating hotel by visiting the website for the hotel, calling 1-800-4HONORS (1-800-446-6677) from the U.S. or Canada, or visiting www.HiltonHonors.com. Members residing outside the U.S. and Canada must call the nearest Hilton Reservations and Customer Care office.
 Participating hotels within the Hilton Portfolio and Reward types may change at any time without notice at Hilton Honors’ sole discretion.
 Reward Stays are not subject to blackout dates or capacity controls. All Rewards depend upon availability and some Reward Stay types may not be available on the date of Member's request.
 When redeeming Hilton Honors Points for a Reward Stay, Members must either book a Reward Stay online or call 1-800-4HONORS (1-800-446-6677) from the U.S. or Canada for reservations and advise the reservationist at that time that they will be using Hilton Honors Points. Members outside the U.S. and Canada must call the nearest Hilton Reservations and Customer Care office. If booking a Reward Stay online, Members will receive a confirmation page with their Hotel Stay Reward reservation and Reward Confirmation document in one online transaction. If booking a Reward Stay reservation via phone, you will receive a Reward Confirmation document via email.
 Failure to comply with this procedure may result in cancellation of reservations, denial of accommodations or payment of published retail rate. Accommodations must be reserved prior to Hotel Reward Stay.
 All Reward Stay reservations must be guaranteed with a credit card. Some hotels may require a deposit in lieu of a credit card guarantee. Deposits cannot be waived for Reward Stay reservations. No-shows or cancellations of Reward Stay reservations outside of the timeframe set by the hotel's individual cancellation policy will be charged one night's room and tax at the hotel's Best Available Rate for that date. General cancellation policy: cancel 48 hours prior to arrival to avoid cancellation penalties. Additional cancellation policies are established by each individual hotel and may differ from the general cancellation policy; in that case, the hotel's individual cancellation policy applies.
 A Reward Stay reservation is valid for the room accommodations stated thereon at one room at one hotel for one stay (as that term is defined herein) and as provided on the Reward Confirmation document. To change the location of a Reward Stay reservation, the Member must first cancel the existing Reward Stay reservation and then book the new Reward Stay reservation at the desired property. To change the dates of a Reward Stay reservation, the Member should contact Hilton Reservations and Customer Care prior to arriving at the hotel for the Reward stay. Hotel agents will not be able to alter the dates of any reward stays for a Members, and the Member could be subject to Points forfeiture.
 Promotional Rewards are for Standard Rooms only.
 Reward Stays are not commissionable to travel agents.
 The number of Reward Stays and the number of nights during a Reward Stay will count towards the number of stays and/or nights required for Elite tier qualification.
 Members will earn Points for combined Points and money Reward Stays on any money spent on eligible folio charges at Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts Hotels, Conrad Hotels and Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Hilton Hotels and Resorts, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites, Hilton Garden Inn and Hilton Grand Vacations. Members will earn Points for incidental charges only for full Points Reward Stays at Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts Hotels, Conrad Hotels and Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Hilton Hotels and Resorts, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites, Hilton Garden Inn and Hilton Grand Vacations. Members will not earn Points for incidental charges during any Reward Stay at a Hampton by Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton or Homewood Suites by Hilton hotel.
 Recipients of Rewards may be required to sign a release of liability and a statement permitting the use of their name and/or photo for promotional purposes without additional compensation.
 Please note that the Rewards Desk at Hilton Reservations and Customer Care is open from 5:00 AM until 1:30 AM CT, 7 days a week.

Event Planner Program  Global

 Only the individual stipulated in the contract is eligible to receive    Event Planner Bonus Points on eligible charges associated with the event.    The individual that signs the contract does not need to be the individual    that receives the Event Planner Bonus Points. Event Planner Bonus Points    must be included in the event contract.
 The Event Planner Bonus Point recipient does not need to be a    registered guest or attend the meeting. The Event Planner Bonus Point    recipient must be a Member of Hilton Honors to receive Points in    connection with the event.
 The Hilton Honors Event Planner program is available to any Hilton    Honors member, including, but not limited to, individuals, professional    meeting and event planners, individuals booking events on behalf of their    employer (including B2B Pooled Accounts), tour operators, and travel    agents/travel sellers/conference planners that book a qualifying event.
 Members will earn 1 Hilton Honors Bonus Point per $1 USD spent on    eligible charges for qualifying events. Points awarded will be based on    local currency converted to U.S. dollars. Local currency will be converted    to U.S. dollars on the day final payment is received for the event using a    published rate of exchange in effect at time of conversion. This rate will    be determined at Hilton Honors' sole discretion, based on standard    currency conversion methods.
 A qualifying event may include, but is not limited to, a group or    business meeting, conference, room block, wedding reception, family    reunion or other event contracted through the sales or catering department    and sold at published rates.
 Offer is valid for new event bookings only.
 Eligible charges include event-related spending listed in the contract    and paid for by the individual named in the contract (such as meeting room    rentals, guest rooms, catering, audio/visual, etc.) and excludes taxes and    service charges. Event Planner Bonus Points must be awarded for meeting    room and guest room charges; eligibility of all other charges is at the    sole discretion of the hotel. In the case where room rental/room hire is    included as part of a per person meeting package, awarding points on a    portion of the package is at the discretion of the hotel.
 If guest rooms are included in the contract, Members who reserve and    pay for rooms under their own account are also eligible to earn Points for    stays in accordance with Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions. If guest rooms    are included in the contract and charged to a master bill (where charges    for multiple rooms are placed on one hotel bill and billed to a company or    common address or settled at check-out by one individual), Members are not    eligible to earn Points. Incidental charges (those charged to a Member's    room) paid for directly by the Member at check-out are eligible for Point    credit. Incidental charges billed to a master bill are not eligible for    Point credit. (Points are not awarded on incidental charges at Hampton by    Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton, and Homewood Suites by    Hilton hotels.)
 Event Planner Bonus Points can be awarded on charges up to $100,000    USD. There is no maximum on the number of Points that can be awarded per    event.
 Please allow 6-8 weeks after the event has been paid for in full, for    posting of Points to Member's account.
 The Hilton Honors Event Planner program is available globally at    participating hotels in the Hilton portfolio. Participating hotels are    listed at www.hiltonhonors.com/eventplanner. If a Member requests Hilton Honors Event Planner Points from one of    these hotels for a qualifying event, the hotel must award them.
 No Hilton Honors Points will be awarded for "no show" or    cancelled events when a Member has booked an event guaranteed with a    credit card but then does not hold the event--irrespective of whether or    not the Member's credit card is charged for any portion of the event per    the hotel's "no show" or cancellation policy.
 Hilton Honors Event Credits are vouchers that can be obtained by    redeeming Hilton Honors Points, and can be used as a credit against future    bookings. Event Credit vouchers may be redeemed at any hotel in the Hilton    Portfolio, even if the hotel is not an Event Planner program participating    hotel. Event Credit vouchers are available in the following increments:
25,000 Points = $50 USD
 50,000 Points = $100 USD
 75,000 Points = $150 USD
 125,000 Points = $250 USD
 250,000 Points = $500 USD
 
  Members can redeem Points for Event Credits by    calling the nearest Hilton Reservations and Customer Care office. The Event Credit voucher for the    corresponding amount will then be sent to the Member via email. The    Member will then present the voucher to the hotel at time of payment to    receive the corresponding discount (US $50, $100, $150, $250 or $500).
  For currencies other than US Dollars, conversion    will be based on the prevailing month-end exchange rate on the day the    final bill is created for the event. Conversion rates can be obtained    from the hotel’s finance department.
  Multiple vouchers may be redeemed at the same time.
  Vouchers will expire one year from the date of    issuance.
  If the total bill is less than the value of the    Event Credits, Member will forfeit any remaining value.
 
 Hilton Honors membership, earning of Points, and redemption of Points    are subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions. Event Planner earnings    are void where prohibited or restricted by local law.

Point Purchase Program

 Point purchase is available to Members through two different channels:
  
  Non-Reservation Point Purchase: Points may be purchased online, or via written request, phone or e-mail to Hilton Reservations and Customer Care. Members may purchase up to 80,000 Hilton Honors Bonus Points per calendar year. Points must be purchased in 1,000 point increments. Purchase limit and cost of Points may change at any time without notification. Total cost of Points will be shown to Member during the purchase process before the purchase is completed. All purchases must be made in U.S. dollars only. Points purchased through this channel will be processed by Points.com and the purchase is subject to the Points.com Point Purchase Terms and Conditions.
  
  Point Purchase During Booking: In addition to the Non-reservation Point Purchase option, Members can purchase Points during the booking process when the Member does not have enough Points to redeem a Reward Stay. Members can purchase an unlimited number of Points up to the total number of Points required to redeem the Member's desired Reward Stay. Members must purchase these Points during the Reward Stay booking process, either by credit card online, or via telephone, at 1-800-4HONORS (1-800-446-6677), in the U.S. At any time, at the sole discretion of Hilton Honors, Members may be limited in the number of Points they can purchase via this option, and that limit may change at any time without notification. The cost of Points purchased through this option depends on the number of Points purchased and is subject to change at any time without notification. Total cost of Points will be shown to Member during the booking process before purchase. All purchases must be made in U.S. dollars only. Points purchased during booking will be processed by Points.com and the purchase is subject to the Points.com Booking Point Purchase Terms and Conditions.
 Points purchased under the Point Purchase Program are subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Hilton Honors Program.
 A new Hilton Honors Member may purchase Points 30 days after enrollment if the account reflects activity including a stay (as defined herein) or earning Hilton Honors Points through a Hilton Hilton Honors Marketing Partner. After 90 days of enrollment, a new Member is eligible to purchase Points regardless of their account activity.
 The sale, barter, gift or assignment of Hilton Honors Points, Point awards or other benefits, other than by Hilton Honors, is expressly prohibited. Hilton Honors Points, including such Points purchased under the Point Purchase Program, are transferrable to other Hilton Honors Members. The Points purchased under the Point Purchase Program are non-refundable.
 The Points purchased under the Point Purchase Program will be posted to the Member's Hilton Honors account immediately (provided there are no technical issues that prevent immediate posting).
 Each Hilton Honors Member or two (2) Members with a single Mutual Fund account are limited to purchasing no more than forty thousand (80,000) Non-Reservation Points in any calendar year and, for Points purchased during booking, limits that may be set per booking and per calendar year are at the sole discretion of Hilton Honors, subject to change. Any Points beyond these limits will not be posted to any Member's account, regardless whether such Member has remitted payment for such Points.
 In the event of any Point or financial discrepancy, the calculations under these Terms and Conditions shall be based upon data contained in Hilton Honors’ records, and the data in Hilton Honors’ records shall take precedence over the data in any other records. Any improper usage of Hilton Honors Points shall be grounds for immediate confiscation and forfeiture of such Points, and may be grounds for the forfeiture of all Points in the Member's account and/or the Member's ejection from the Hilton Honors Program, all as determined within Hilton Honors’ sole discretion.
 Any Points purchased will constitute the first Points redeemed when the purchasing Member redeems Points for a Reward.
 By utilizing the Point Purchase Program, Member acknowledges and signifies agreement with these Terms and Conditions.
 Hilton Honors membership, earning of Points, and redemption of Points are subject to Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions. Hilton Honors reserves the right to change the Hilton Honors Program rules, regulations, terms, travel awards and thresholds, and special offers, at any time, without notice. Hilton Honors also reserves the right to terminate the Point Purchase Program with six (6) months general notice.

Hilton Honors Points Pooling and Points Transfer
 Hilton Honors Members can transfer Hilton Honors Points to another Hilton Honors Member through Points Pooling or 1-to-1 transfer in increments of 1,000 Points and up to 500,000 Points. Each Hilton Honors Member is limited to sending no more than five hundred thousand (500,000) Points and receiving two million (2,000,000) Points via Points Pooling or Transfers combined per calendar year. Each Hilton Honors Member is limited to making six (6) transfers to other member accounts and six (6) Hilton Points Pooling transactions per calendar year. Invitations to join a Points Pool is not considered transactional. Transactions refer to the transfer of Points to another member account either through 1-to-1 account transfers or through Points Pooling.
 Any points beyond these limits will not be posted to any Member's account. Limits are at the sole discretion of Hilton Honors Worldwide L.L.C., subject to change.
 A new Hilton Honors Member can pool, transfer, or receive Points 30 days after enrollment providing they have activity on their account.  After 90 days of enrollment, a new Member is eligible to pool, transfer, or receive Points regardless of their account activity.
 The sale of Hilton Honors Points, Rewards or other benefits, other than by Hilton Honors is expressly prohibited. Any improper usage of Hilton Honors Points shall be grounds for immediate confiscation and forfeit of such Points, and may be grounds for the forfeiture of all Points in the Member's account and the Member's ejection from the Hilton Honors Program, all as determined within Hilton Honors’ sole discretion.
 Email address is required and will only be used for transaction and marketing communications related to this transaction. All Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions apply.
Hilton Honors Mutual Fund

 Effective April 1, 2004, new Hilton Honors Mutual Fund accounts are no longer available. Members who have a Mutual Fund account as of March 31, 2004 will continue to receive Mutual Fund benefits.
 Hilton Honors Mutual Fund benefits are designed to allow legally married couples to combine their Point earnings toward Rewards, and/or to combine their stay/Point earnings toward special promotion qualifications or Elite qualification. The Hilton Honors Mutual Fund is not designed to award duplicate bonuses and/or Rewards.
 Hilton Honors member benefits for Mutual Fund accounts may be extended for up to two rooms, provided both members are present and have a room registered in each member’s name. 
 Hilton Honors Mutual Fund accounts are available only to couples legally married under the laws of the state or province or country in which the couple resides.
 For all Hilton Honors Mutual Fund accounts combined between January 1, 1990 and March 31, 2004, only one Hilton Honors enrollment or activation bonus will be permitted in the joint account.
 Each spouse participating in a Hilton Honors Mutual Fund will be issued the same Hilton Honors account number. At the time a Hilton Honors Mutual Fund is established, the name and address of one spouse will be designated as the recipient of all Hilton Honors mailings.
 Only one statement will be issued per Hilton Honors Mutual Fund account. The individual travel accumulated by either spouse will appear on a combined Hilton Honors Mutual Fund statement. When a Reward is requested, the Points will be deducted from the combined balance. Individual balances will not be maintained or available to Hilton Honors Mutual Fund participants.
 Either spouse acting alone may use any and all accumulated Points to request any Reward(s) for which the Hilton Honors Mutual Fund has sufficient Points. Hilton Honors is not responsible for, and bears no liability for, disagreements or disputes between Members concerning the use of Points accumulated in the Hilton Honors Mutual Fund account.
 In case of the death of a Member, Points in the Hilton Honors Mutual Fund will go to the surviving spouse. In the event of dissolution of marriage, 50% of Points in the Hilton Honors Mutual Fund will go to each Member. Both spouses must sign to request dissolution of account. Hilton Honors may require official documentation evidencing death or dissolution of marriage. Hilton Honors is not responsible for, and bears no liability for, disagreements or disputes between Members concerning the dissolution of Hilton Honors Mutual Fund accounts. Except as specifically provided herein, neither accrued Points nor Certificates are transferable in the event of death, as part of a domestic relations matter or otherwise by operation of law.
 All Hilton Honors Program Terms and Conditions apply to Hilton Honors Mutual Fund accounts and participants. All interpretations of Program Terms and Conditions shall be at the sole discretion of Hilton Honors.

Your Agreement to Our Use of Information about You
 We process your personal information in accordance with the Hilton Global Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy").
 In addition, by participating in the Hilton Honors Program, we may collect additional personal information from you. We may also use and share your personal information in the ways described below, in addition to what is described in the Privacy Policy. These Terms and Conditions supplement the Privacy Policy with respect to our processing of the personal information of Hilton Honors Program Members. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, you must elect not to join the Hilton Honors Program.
 Additional personal information that we collect includes information that you provide when you enroll in the Hilton Honors Program or when you manage your profile online. During enrollment, we require that you provide your name, physical address and e-mail address. When you manage your profile online, you have the opportunity to provide additional information about your preferred airline partners and your loyalty program account numbers with them, your room type preferences, your language preferences, your credit card account(s), your preferences for receiving news, offers and information from companies that are part of the Hilton Portfolio, and to create a User ID and password.
 In addition to the uses and sharing described in the Privacy Policy, we may use and share relevant portions of your personal information in order to administer the Hilton Honors Program. This may include sharing your personal information with our business partners in order to credit you with mileage or other benefits earned through your participation in the Hilton Honors Program.
 By enrolling, you also consent to the transfer of your information to countries where our information processing facilities, business operations and hotels are located, including the United States and other countries where data protection laws may differ from those of your home country.
 To ensure that your personal information is accurate and up-to-date, we may also share your information with a third party for the purpose of updating and enhancing the quality and content of the information we maintain about you.
 As a Member, you may receive additional communications from us, including Hilton Honors statements, third party news and offers specifically for Members, and co-branded messages from our business partners. Members of certain levels in certain states may also receive post-stay e-mails from us. You may change the communications you receive from us by logging onto your account online and managing your subscriptions, or by contacting us in the manner described in the Privacy Policy.
 We may modify these Terms and Conditions from time to time by posting the revised Terms and Conditions on our website. We may also modify the Privacy Policy from time to time as described in the Privacy Policy. Your continued participation in the Hilton Honors Program following the posting of changes to these Terms and Conditions, or to the Privacy Policy, will indicate your acceptance of the changes.
Conditions of Participation
 HILTON HONORS PROVIDES THE HILTON HONORS PROGRAM, THESE AND OTHER MATERIALS, AND OTHER SERVICES AND PRODUCTS "AS-IS" AND, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, DESIGN, ACCURACY, CAPABILITY, SUFFICIENCY, SUITABILITY, CAPACITY, COMPLETENESS OR AVAILABILITY. You also agree that Hilton Honors does not represent, warrant or guaranty that the Hilton Honors Program or any such other products and services will be uninterrupted, without omissions or error free, or that defects will be corrected or changes implemented. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL HILTON BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE HILTON HONORS PROGRAM OR ANY SUCH OTHER PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, EVEN IF A HILTON HONORS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, therefore such exclusions may not apply to you. In the event Hilton Honors is held liable for any damages related to such matters, your sole and exclusive remedy will be limited to reimbursement for services or products paid by you to the entity held liable which were not provided by such entity. You hereby waive any and all rights to bring any claim or action related to such matters in any forum beyond two (2) years after the first occurrence of the kind of act, event, condition or omission upon which the claim or action is based. If any provision(s) of these Official Rules are held to be invalid or unenforceable, all remaining provisions hereof will remain in full force and effect. The failure by Hilton Honors to exercise rights granted to Hilton Honors hereunder upon the occurrence of any of the contingencies set forth in this agreement will not constitute a waiver of such rights upon the recurrence of such contingency.