PLEASE NOTE: These Terms will take effect on March 1, 2019, when we introduce some exciting new features to the World of Hyatt program. Until then, the current World of Hyatt program terms remain in effect.
 
World of Hyatt
Terms & Conditions
(“Terms”)

(Updated and Effective Date: March 1, 2019)
 
Thank you for visiting the Terms that govern the World of Hyatt program (“Program”), which is brought to you by Hyatt Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Hyatt,” “we,” or “us”). You agree to these Terms by participating in the Program. The Program is a customer-loyalty program through which Hyatt offers eligible individuals the opportunity to earn points and qualify for different tiers of benefits and awards as explained throughout these Terms. Please see our Privacy Policy, available at privacy.hyatt.com, which is applicable to your participation in the Program.
 
Please see Appendix A to these Terms for information about points in the Program, including how to earn them and restrictions. Please see Appendix B to these Terms for information on Program benefits available to all Members (defined in I.(a) below). Please see Appendix C to these Terms for information on the tiers of elite status in the Program and the additional benefits offered to Members who receive elite status in the Program. Please see Appendix D to these Terms for information about our relationship with MGM Resorts International for the Program. Please see Appendix E to these Terms for information about participating in the Program through meetings and events.
 
For information about FIND experiences, including terms and conditions for earning and redeeming World of Hyatt points for FIND experiences, please visit worldofhyatt.com/findterms.
 
For more information about how Exhale spas participate in the World of Hyatt Program, please visit worldofhyatt.com/exhaleterms.
 
For more information about how Small Luxury Hotels of the World participates in the World of Hyatt Program, please visit worldofhyatt.com/slhterms.

        
    








     {{ !expanded ? '+' : '-' }} Base Terms and Conditions
    
         
Table of Contents
 
I.  Become A Member; Open An Account
II.  Eligibility
III.  Loss of Points; Termination of Your Membership; Termination of the Program
IV.  Modification of These Terms; Modification to the Program 
V.  No Warranties; Limitation of Liability
VI.  Governing Law/Choice of Forum
VII.  Limited or No Participation By Certain Properties
VIII.  General Terms
IX.  Contact Us
X.  Trademark/Copyright Notice
 
I. Become A Member; Open An Account
 
(a) New Member Enrollment
 
To participate in the Program, eligible individuals (see Section II (Eligibility) below) must provide the required information and follow the instructions to enroll through the Program site, worldofhyatt.com (“Program Site”), or other membership enrollment channels authorized by Hyatt. Eligible individuals may enroll in the Program at any Hyatt hotel or resort worldwide or by contacting Hyatt’s central reservation service. (Please see hyatt.com for contact information.) Eligible individuals who complete the enrollment process and create a membership account or who had their Hyatt Gold Passport membership transferred into the Program are “Members” (each a “Member” or “you”).
 
(b) Standard Membership Upon Enrollment. Upon enrollment in the Program, new Members automatically have standard Membership, which allows Members to earn and redeem points and experience the benefits detailed in Appendices A, B, D, and E. The Program also offers Members the opportunity to receive additional benefits by achieving elite status. For information on the tiers of elite status that Members may earn in the Program and the additional benefits available to elite Members, please see Appendix C to these Terms.
 
(c) One Membership/Account Per Person; No Sharing of an Account. There is a limit of one membership/account per person and per email address. Accounts cannot be shared or combined (except with Hyatt’s express permission). A Member’s membership number cannot be used by anyone other than the Member in order to accrue, redeem, use, or enjoy points, credit, awards, benefits, or elite status. If you have created more than one account in the Program, please contact Hyatt customer service. If Hyatt determines (in its sole discretion) that a single Member holds multiple accounts, but has otherwise not violated these Terms, Hyatt may permit the Member to merge all affected accounts into a single account. Permitted account mergers are final and non-reversible upon submission of the merger request.
 
(d) Program Site Account Access & Security. Upon enrollment in the Program, you will be assigned a membership number and asked to provide a password that will allow you to access account information and redeem awards on the Program Site. If you enroll at a Hyatt property, by phone, or by mail, you will be required to create a password upon first sign-in to Hyatt.com or the Program Site. If you have forgotten your password, you can request a temporary password through the “forgot password” feature either on the Program Site or by phone through customer service. Hyatt is entitled to act on instructions received under your membership account. You are solely responsible for keeping your password, membership number, and other account access information confidential and for restricting access to your computer and other devices, as applicable, so that others may not access your account, and Hyatt will not be responsible for your failure to do so.
 
(e) Verification; Maintaining Member Information. You are responsible for keeping your membership information current and notifying Hyatt of any change to your membership information. Name changes must be supported by legal documentation, including, for example, a marriage certificate, driver’s license, or legal court document. Hyatt is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information supplied by any Member. Registration and account creation are subject to verification by Hyatt in its sole discretion. Hyatt also reserves the right to verify the information collected during Program registration or provided during participation in the Program and, in its sole discretion, suspend or terminate any account and prohibit Program participation by any individual or email address related to or suspected of being related to fraudulent activity, including, without limitation, signing up for multiple accounts.
 
(f) Membership Nontransferable. Points, awards, membership benefits, and other aspects of a Member’s account in the Program do not constitute property of the Member. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, points, awards, membership benefits, and accounts cannot be given away by a Member and are not negotiable, commissionable, or redeemable for cash, and are void if a Member sells, barters, auctions, donates, assigns, conveys, or otherwise transfers them (or makes any attempt to do so) in a manner not expressly allowed by these Terms. Points, awards, membership benefits, and accounts may not be transferred via divorce or inheritance. In the event that a Member makes any attempt to sell, barter, auction, donate, assign, convey, or otherwise transfer his or her points, awards, membership benefits or account to a third party in violation of these Terms, all persons involved in advertising, facilitating, or administrating the prohibited transfer may, in Hyatt’s sole discretion, immediately forfeit all points or awards, have their respective membership terminated, and be barred from future participation in the Program or any other Hyatt loyalty program.
 
As detailed elsewhere in these Terms, Hyatt may in some circumstances permit the transfer, combination, or conversion of points or awards or the merger of accounts in the Program. Hyatt reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to reverse or refuse to process any transfer, combination, or conversion of points or awards or merger of accounts, including, without limitation, if Hyatt suspects that any party to the transfer, combination, conversion, or merger has acted fraudulently, attempted to circumvent the qualification requirements for elite status in the Program, or otherwise violated these Terms.
 
II. Eligibility
 
The Program is open only to individuals who are at least 18 years of age and the age of majority where they live. Participation in the Program is unauthorized in any jurisdiction where all or any portion of this Program may violate any legal requirements, and you agree not to participate in the Program in any such jurisdiction. You are responsible for compliance with applicable laws. If participating in the Program would result in you violating any law, rule, regulation, order, or employer policy applicable to you or any agreement to which you are a party, then you are ineligible to participate. Corporations, associations, or groups cannot enroll in the Program except in accordance with Appendix E. As a condition of participating in the Program, you agree that, if requested by Hyatt, you will provide documentation or other proof of your eligibility within the requested timeframe.
 
Individuals employed by Hyatt Corporation or any of its parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates, as well as individuals working at any Hyatt property (collectively “Colleagues”) may only participate in the Program in accordance with the Additional World of Hyatt Terms & Conditions for Hyatt Colleagues (“Hyatt Colleague Terms”), which are available on HyattConnect or through a Colleague’s human resources director. Participation in the Program by Colleagues is governed by these Terms as well as the Hyatt Colleague Terms.
 
III. Loss of Points; Termination of Your Membership; Termination of the Program
 
(a) Inactivity. If a Member’s account is inactive for twenty-four (24) consecutive months, all points in that Member’s account will be forfeited at that time, but the Member’s account will remain open (with the ability to earn new points thereafter) unless the Member’s account is otherwise terminated in accordance with these Terms. (Prior to July 1, 2017, Members whose accounts were inactive for twenty-four (24) consecutive months had their membership terminated and all points in and awards or benefits associated with that Member’s account were forfeited upon termination) Under no circumstances will forfeited points be reinstated. Active Members can remain active in the Program by (i) receiving points via authorized means, (ii) receiving credits with a partner in the Program for a stay at a Hyatt hotel or resort, (iii) redeeming points (and, if applicable, completing any reservation for which such points were redeemed), (iv) gifting a Program award (in accordance with these Terms), (v) converting points to Partner Loyalty Points (as defined in Appendix B), (vi) purchasing or combining points, or (vii) having a valid Hyatt co-branded credit card, including the Hyatt Credit Card and the World of Hyatt Credit Card (collectively, “Hyatt-branded Credit Card”) associated with the Member’s Program account. If a Member redeems points for an Award Reservation and either cancels that reservation or does not actually check-in on the appointed date (i.e., no-shows), that reservation will not count as a redemption of points pursuant to subsection (iii) of the preceding sentence and will not toll the measurement of that Member’s Program inactivity.
 
(b) Causes of Membership Termination. Hyatt may immediately, without notice, limit or terminate your membership if you: (i) violate these Terms or any other applicable additional terms or appear to be utilizing the Program in a manner inconsistent with these Terms or the intent of the Program; (ii) fail to promptly pay hotel bills; (iii) are suspected or found to be acting in an abusive or fraudulent manner or engaging in any conduct that artificially, improperly, or deceptively impacts the accumulation, use, or loss of points, awards, or membership benefits (including, without limitation, use of any “bot,” macro, or other automated means of participating in the Program); (iv) attempt to transfer your account or any points or awards to another Member or a third party, except as expressly permitted by these Terms or with the express written permission of Hyatt; (v) make any misrepresentation in connection with the Program; (vi) impair the normal functioning of the Program Site or the Program; (vii) disturb other guests or otherwise disrupt or impair the normal operation of any Hyatt or partner property; (viii) act in a manner detrimental to Hyatt, a Hyatt Colleague, other Members, or any third party (including, without limitation, behaving towards any Hyatt Colleague or other guest of a Hyatt property in any manner that is abusive, harassing, threatening, derogatory, disrespectful, lewd, obscene, offensive, or otherwise inappropriate, all as determined by Hyatt in its sole discretion); or (ix) act in any manner inconsistent with local, state, provincial, national, or federal laws, regulations, orders, or other rules.
 
(c) Termination by Member. If you are a Member and would like to discontinue your membership, you may request that Hyatt close your account by contacting Hyatt customer service. Once you submit a termination request, termination is irreversible and your account will be closed and all points, awards, and benefits forfeited as described below.
 
(d) Effects of Termination. If your membership is terminated, you will lose all points, awards, and benefits associated with your account and you will no longer be able to earn or redeem points or awards in the Program. Likewise, your future participation in the Program may be prohibited in Hyatt’s sole discretion.
 
(e) Termination of the Program. WE ALSO RESERVE THE RIGHT TO TERMINATE THE PROGRAM COMPLETELY AT ANY TIME BY PROVIDING ACTIVE MEMBERS WITH SIX (6) MONTHS WRITTEN NOTICE TO THE EMAIL OR MAILING ADDRESS ASSOCIATED WITH THEIR ACCOUNTS, UNLESS A SHORTER NOTICE PERIOD (OR NO NOTICE) IS REQUIRED OR PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. ANY POINTS OR AWARDS IN YOUR ACCOUNT OR OTHERWISE HELD BY YOU ON THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF TERMINATION WILL BE FORFEITED. ANY CONCLUSION TO THE PROGRAM THAT RESULTS IN THE TRANSFER OF MEMBERS TO A SUCCESSOR LOYALTY PROGRAM, WHERE SUCH MEMBERS DO NOT FORFEIT UNEXPIRED, UNREDEEMED POINTS IN THEIR ACCOUNT AS A RESULT, WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED A TERMINATION OF THE PROGRAM FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE ABOVE NOTICE PROVISION.
 
IV. Modification of These Terms; Modification to the Program
 
(a) Modification of These Terms. Hyatt reserves the right to modify these Terms from time-to-time, with reasonable notice to Members as described in this section. Hyatt will notify you of changes to the Terms by posting them to the Program Site and may also notify you by email or mail to the address then associated with your account. The updated Terms will be effective as of the time of posting, or upon such later date or by such other method as specified by Hyatt. Unless otherwise stated, the updated Terms will apply to your participation in the Program beginning as of their effective date. These Terms may only be modified in accordance with this section. Otherwise, no employee, agent, or other representative of Hyatt or any Hyatt Party (defined in Section V below) has the right or authority to modify any of these Terms.
 
(b) Modification to the Program. Hyatt reserves the right to, from time to time, among other things: change earning ability; withdraw, limit, modify, or cancel any award or benefit; cancel or change partner awards or programs; increase or alter the point or other requirements to earn an award or benefit; modify or regulate the transferability of points, awards, or benefits; modify the membership tiers or the benefits available to any tier; add blackout dates; or limit the number of rooms available for award redemption at any or all destinations. Hyatt may limit the number of Program participants and may temporarily or permanently discontinue registering new Members at any time and for any reason without notice.
 
Hyatt is not responsible for partner withdrawals from the Program, changes in partner service, or issues associated with point accrual or use caused by withdrawal of any partner.
 
V. NO WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
 
THIS PROGRAM IS MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU ON AN AS-IS, AS-AVAILABLE BASIS, WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. HYATT AND THE OWNERS, OPERATORS, FRANCHISEES, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, AND EMPLOYEES OF ANY HYATT PROPERTY (COLLECTIVELY, THE “HYATT PARTIES”) MAKE NO REPRESENTATION ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE PROGRAM FOR YOU. THE HYATT PARTIES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
 
 
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE HYATT PARTIES DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION RELATED TO THE PROGRAM IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, USEFUL, TIMELY, OR CURRENT OR THAT THE PROGRAM WILL OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION OR ERROR. DESPITE OUR COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS, THE PROGRAM SITE AND OTHER PROGRAM MATERIALS MAY CONTAIN TYPOGRAPHICAL OR OTHER ERRORS OR INACCURACIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, REGARDING THE AMOUNT OR VALUE OF A PARTICULAR AWARD, THE NUMBER OF POINTS REQUIRED TO REDEEM A PARTICULAR AWARD, THE NUMBER OF POINTS TO BE AWARDED FOR A PARTICULAR ACTION, THE ABILITY TO REDEEM AN AWARD OR RECEIVE A MEMBERSHIP BENEFIT AT A PARTICULAR PROPERTY, OR THE CLASSIFICATION OF ANY PROPERTY FOR AWARD PURPOSES. NO HYATT PARTY WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SUCH ERROR, TYPO, OR MISPRINT IN THESE TERMS OR ANY PROGRAM MATERIALS. HYATT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO VOID OR REFUSE TO PROCESS ANY PROGRAM AWARD, PURPORTED POINT-EARNING EVENT, OR OTHER TRANSACTION ARISING OUT OF SUCH AN ERROR, TYPO, OR MISPRINT.
 
HYATT PARTIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY ACTS, ERRORS OR OMISSIONS OF ANY OTHER MEMBER, A THIRD PARTY OR PROGRAM PARTNER OR ANY PARTNER’S LOYALTY OR REWARDS PROGRAM.
 
EACH MEMBER UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT ALL RIGHTS UNDER SECTION 1542 OF THE CIVIL CODE OF CALIFORNIA AND ANY SIMILAR LAW OF ANY COUNTRY, STATE, PROVINCE OR TERRITORY ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVED BY HIM/HER. SECTION 1542 OF THE CIVIL CODE OF CALIFORNIA READS AS FOLLOWS: “CERTAIN CLAIMS NOT AFFECTED BY A GENERAL RELEASE. A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”
 
IN NO EVENT WILL A HYATT PARTY BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE PROGRAM. YOU AGREE THAT THE HYATT PARTIES’ TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THE PROGRAM AND THESE TERMS, WILL NOT EXCEED THE LESSER OF TEN UNITED STATES DOLLARS (US $10.00) OR THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, SPECIFIC TO PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM, PLUS ANY PREVAILING PARTY COSTS OR FEES RECOVERABLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
 
THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION WILL NOT LIMIT OR EXCLUDE THE HYATT PARTIES’ LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR TANGIBLE PROPERTY DAMAGE CAUSED BY THE HYATT PARTIES, OR FOR THE HYATT PARTIES’ GROSS NEGLIGENCE, FRAUD, OR INTENTIONAL, WILLFUL, MALICIOUS, OR RECKLESS MISCONDUCT.
 
This entire section will survive the termination of this Program and your membership in it.
 
VI. GOVERNING LAW/CHOICE OF FORUM
 
The Program, these Terms, and any disputes between you and Hyatt associated with the Program or these Terms will be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois, U.S.A., without reference to its conflict of laws principles. Exclusive jurisdiction over any cause of action arising out of or related to the Program or these Terms will be in state or federal courts located in or having jurisdiction over Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A. You further agree to submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action.
 
VII. LIMITED OR NO PARTICIPATION BY CERTAIN PROPERTIES
 
(a) Non-Participating Properties. As used in these Terms, “hotel” or “resort” means any location that offers multiple rooms for overnight accommodations by more than one group of transient guest(s) in a single building or a series of inter-connected buildings on one property. Not every hotel or resort that is affiliated with Hyatt participates in the Program. At this time, the Cranwell Golf & Spa Resort is not participating in the Program and is not considered a Hyatt “hotel” or “resort” as used in these Terms. In addition, some non-hotel properties and other venues do not participate in the Program even though they are affiliated with Hyatt  unless otherwise expressly specified in the terms of a particular offer related to any such non-participating property or venue.
 
Hyatt discontinued its collaboration with Oasis Collections. Stays at any Oasis Collections home rental that are booked after September 27, 2018, will not be eligible in the Program and Members will not be able to earn any points, receive any benefits, or redeem or apply any Program award from or to any such stay. However, Members who, after September 27, 2018, complete a qualifying stay at an Oasis Collections home rental that was booked between March 1, 2018, and September 27, 2018, will receive any points and credit in the Program that the Member would have received during Oasis Collections participation in the Program.
 
Please note that, unless otherwise specifically noted by Hyatt, properties affiliated with Two Roads Hospitality LLC, its brands (including Alila, Destination, Joie de Vivre, Thompson, and Tommie), and its affiliated hotels are not participating in the Program at this time.
 
(b) Limited Participation. Some properties and other venues may participate in the Program, without being deemed a Hyatt “hotel” or “resort” for purposes of these Terms. These properties participate in the Program as expressly set forth in these Terms or other communications and their participation may be limited. Exhale spas participate in the Program only in a limited capacity as expressly set forth in the Exhale Terms, available at worldofhyatt.com/exhaleterms.
 
VIII. General Terms
 
(a) Force Majeure. The Hyatt Parties are not responsible or liable to you, or any person claiming through you, for failure to supply or fulfill an award, benefit or points in this Program in the event the Program or its operations are affected by any acts of god, any action, regulation, order or request by any governmental or quasi-governmental entity, equipment failure, actual or threatened terrorist acts, weather, natural phenomenon, war (declared or undeclared), fire, embargo, labor dispute or strike, labor or material shortage, transportation interruption of any kind, civil disturbance, insurrection, riot, or any laws, rules, regulations or orders or other action adopted or taken by any national, federal, state, provincial, or local government authority, or any other cause, whether or not specifically mentioned above.
 
(b) Decisions of Hyatt Final. All decisions of Hyatt related to the earning, transference, and use of points, awards, benefits, or other aspects of your membership account, to the Program, or to these Terms, including any decision to deduct points from an account or deny awards or benefits, are final and binding upon you and you agree to abide by all such decisions.
 
(c) Taxes May Apply. Points, awards, Partner Loyalty Points (defined in Appendix B), and other membership benefits may be subject to taxes and all associated obligations are each Member’s sole responsibility.
 
(d) Severability. If any part of these Terms is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision, and the remainder of these Terms will govern such participation.
 
(e) Law Enforcement/Governmental Requests. You agree that nothing contained in these Terms is in derogation of Hyatt’s right to comply with law enforcement or governmental requests or requirements relating to your participation in the Program or information provided to or gathered by Hyatt with respect to such participation.
 
(f) Entire Agreement/Merger. These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive agreement between you and Hyatt with respect to the Program. These Terms supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications, agreements, advertising, and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, with respect to this Program or any other version of a customer-loyalty program from Hyatt or a Hyatt Party. Both you and Hyatt acknowledge that neither of you have been induced to enter into these Terms by any representations or promises not specifically stated in these Terms.
 
(g) Admissibility in Future Proceedings. A printed version of these Terms and of any notice given by Hyatt in electronic form will be admissible in judicial, arbitrative, or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms or your participation in the Program to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained by Hyatt in printed form.
 
(h) English-Language Version Controls. In the event there is a discrepancy or inconsistency between the English language version and another version of these Terms in a different language, the English version will prevail, govern and control.
 
(i) Precedence; Waiver; Interpretation. If and to the extent that there is any conflict among or between the Program Site or other Program marketing materials and these Terms, the language in these Terms will govern. Hyatt’s failure to or decision not to enforce any provision in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of that or any other provision. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these Terms will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.
 
IX. Contact Us
 
You should use the contact information available on the Program Site if you have any questions or concerns about the Program or your membership.
 
X. Trademark/Copyright Notice
 
Hyatt Hotels & Resorts encompasses hotels managed, franchised or leased by subsidiaries and affiliates of Hyatt Hotels Corporation. The trademarks Hyatt, Hyatt Hotels & Resorts, World of Hyatt, Park Hyatt, Miraval, Grand Hyatt, Hyatt Regency, Andaz, Hyatt Centric, The Unbound Collection by Hyatt, Hyatt Place, Hyatt House, Hyatt Zilara, Hyatt Ziva, Hyatt Residence Club, and related marks are trademarks of Hyatt Corporation and its affiliates.
    






    

     {{ !expanded ? '+' : '-' }} Appendix A - Points
    
         
This Appendix A generally describes:

How points can be earned in the Program;
The difference between Base Points and Bonus Points;
The types of stays and purchases at Hyatt hotels and resorts and other outlets and properties that qualify and do not qualify for point earning;
Certain partner programs;
Converting points into a partner program; and
Purchasing, gifting, combining and transferring points

 
Table of Contents
I. Earning Points
II. Earning Credit with Partner Programs
III. Converting Program Points to Partner Loyalty Points
IV. Hyatt-branded Credit Cards
V. Purchasing & Gifting Points
VI. Combining Points
VII. Points not Property; Other Transfer of Points Prohibited
VIII. Error Reporting; Adjustment
IX. MGM Resorts International Relationship
 
I. Earning Points
 
(a) Earning Points as a Registered Guest
 
1. Earning Options Available. Upon check-in at a participating Hyatt hotel or resort for a stay booked at an Eligible Rate (defined below), a Member may choose to earn one of the following: (a) points in the Program or (b) points, miles, or other credit in a participating partner program. If a Member does not choose (but has otherwise paid an Eligible Rate and associated his/her membership number with the applicable reservation), points in the Program will be earned. Details regarding earning Partner Loyalty Points (defined below) are discussed below in the “Earning Credit with Partner Programs” section. Details regarding Hyatt’s relationship with MGM Resorts International and earning M life Rewards Tier Credits are discussed in Appendix D to these Terms.
 
2. Must be a Registered Guest at a Point Property. To earn points in connection with a stay, Member must be a registered guest staying at a participating Park Hyatt, Miraval, Grand Hyatt, Hyatt Regency, Hyatt, Andaz, Hyatt Centric, The Unbound Collection by Hyatt, Hyatt Place, Hyatt House, Hyatt Ziva, Hyatt Zilara, or Hyatt Residence Club property or M life Rewards destination (“Point Properties”) and pay an Eligible Rate (defined below). See Appendix D for details on earning points at an M life Rewards destination. Charges for stays prior to a Member’s enrollment in the Program are not eligible for earning points, benefits or elite status in the Program or points, miles, or credits in any partner program. In the event that a property ceases to operate as a Point Property, points will not be awarded for nights stayed at that property following such cessation and points may not be redeemed for awards at such property after the termination date, even if the applicable reservation was made prior to the termination date. The Member must actually check-in and complete the stay for his or her reservation at a Point Property to earn points.  No points will be awarded for any non-refundable prepaid fees, cancellation fees, or no-show fees paid by a Member for a reservation that (s)he did not actually use.
 
3. Charges Billed to Member. In order for a Member to earn points, the bill for qualifying charges must be in that Member’s name and the Member must personally pay for all charges (i.e., the charges are paid by the Member in cash, using a payment device for which the Member is the named account holder or an authorized signatory, or are billed back to Member’s company or organization for payment and are not settled to a master account/posting master). A Member will only earn points for qualifying charges after the Member completes his/her stay and is checked out of the applicable hotel, resort, or other participating property.
 
4. Retroactive Credit. If you were a Member at the time of a qualifying stay, but did not associate your membership number with that stay or are not properly credited for your stay, you may request an adjustment within one (1) year of the checkout date by completing a past stay credit request (available by logging into your account) or contacting Hyatt customer service. Stays with a checkout date prior to March 1, 2018, or booked after September 27, 2018, at any home rental offered by Oasis Collections are not eligible for the Program, and a Member will not receive retroactive credit for any such stay. If you were a Member at the time of a qualifying stay at an Oasis Collections home rental with a checkout date on or after March 1, 2018, and a booking date no later than September 27, 2018, and you did not associate your membership number with that stay or were not properly credited for your stay, you may contact Hyatt customer service within one (1) year of the checkout date for your stay to request an adjustment.
 
5. Base Points and Bonus Points; Eligible Rate. If a Member chooses to earn points for his/her stay, such Member will earn five (5) points for each whole U.S. dollar or U.S. dollar equivalent spent by the Member on an Eligible Rate. Such points will be considered “Base Points,” which means that they will be considered when calculating a Member’s progress towards elite status in the Program. Please see Appendix C  for a description of elite status and qualification requirements. A Member may also earn Base Points for payment of Eligible Incidental Charges and Eligible Non-Stay Charges, as each term is defined below. Except where expressly specified otherwise, all other points earned by a Member will be “Bonus Points.” Bonus Points include (without limitation) percentage bonuses awarded to Members with elite status (as described in Appendix C), points provided to a Member by Hyatt customer service, points earned through a Hyatt-branded Credit Card, or by holding Qualifying Events (as defined and described in Appendix E ), points that are purchased or received by transfer or gift, and points earned through a promotional offer (unless the promotional offer expressly notes otherwise). Bonus Points may be redeemed for Program awards, but are not counted for the purposes of calculating a Member’s progress towards elite status. An “Eligible Rate” is defined as any room rate for a participating hotel, resort, or other property that is published by Hyatt (including rates found on hyatt.com without the application of a discount code, and Hyatt’s “Standard Rate,” “Volume Account Rates,” “Senior Citizen Rate,” Hyatt Privé rate, and the monetary portion of any Points + Cash Award (as defined in Appendix B)) or, for Miraval properties, published by Miraval. A portion of an Eligible Rate may reflect taxes, service charges, gratuities, and third-party charges for certain included items, and those costs may not be eligible for points. “Ineligible Rates” are all rates other than Eligible Rates and include Free Night Awards (as defined in Appendix B), complimentary nights awarded in connection with Miraval’s Authentic Circle program, rooms booked on third-party online retailers (such as Expedia.com, Travelocity.com, Hotels.com, Booking.com, Priceline.com, Tripadvisor.com, Inspirato.com, home-sharing sites, or any other third-party online/mobile travel portal or bookings made directly on Google.com and TripAdvisor Instant Book), traditional wholesale rates (examples include, without limitation, GOGO Worldwide Vacations, Pleasant Holidays, Tourico, and Hotelbeds), airline crew rates, airline employee rates, travel agency employee rates, media rates, Club at the Hyatt discount stays, Hyatt employee or employee family or friends-and-family discount rates, airline interrupted-trip vouchers, or contracted rooms. (A “contracted room” is a room that has been reserved pursuant to a written and executed agreement between a hotel or resort and a corporation, government agency, or individual for a negotiated room rate in exchange for an agreed upon number of rooms to be rented for an extended period of time.) Ineligible Rates also include (i) any night stayed at a Hyatt Residence Club resort pursuant to a Member’s Hyatt Residence Club ownership interest or any night stayed at a Miraval villa pursuant to a Member’s ownership interest in such villa (i.e., nights for which the Member does not pay an Eligible Rate as defined above) and (ii) any villa or residence rented (or occupied via authorization from the owner) at a Point Property except for nights where a Member rents the villa or residence directly from Hyatt through hyatt.com and pays an Eligible Rate. If you are booking through a travel agent or other third party and do not know if you are booking an Eligible Rate, please ask your travel agent or the third party about the type of booking (s)he is making for you and type of rate to be paid. Points awarded for stays at a Point Property outside the U.S. are based on local currency converted to U.S. dollars.
 
6. Incidental Charges. Members may earn points on Eligible Incidental Charges, even when paying Ineligible Rates. Five (5) Base Points will be awarded for each whole U.S. dollar or U.S. dollar equivalent paid by a Member for Eligible Incidental Charges that are charged to the Member’s room or guest folio. “Eligible Incidental Charges” vary depending on the applicable hotel, resort, or other participating property, but generally include resort/destination fee, additional-cleaning fees (where applicable), spa, food, beverage and lounge expenditures (except at outlets not operated by the hotel or resort) and other charges, such as laundry, dry cleaning, and telephone. Points will not be awarded on alcoholic beverage purchases in certain jurisdictions/countries or at certain properties. Eligible Incidental Charges exclude any charge not charged to a Member’s room or guest folio or any charge paid via "resort credit" or similar credit balance provided to a guest. Eligible Incidental Charges also exclude  and, unless specified in a specific promotion, points are not awarded for  retail outlet charges, service charges, taxes, casino charges, incentive travel awards, gratuities, pay-per-view in-room movies, gift certificates/gift cards, or vouchers, or for services provided by outside vendors. Points will not be awarded for taxes or meeting or event charges charged to Member’s room or guest folio. When staying at a Hyatt Residence Club resort, a Member can earn points for Eligible Incidental Charges incurred at a nearby Hyatt location when charged back to the Member’s guest folio. When a Member has chosen to earn Partner Loyalty Points or M life Rewards Tier Credit in lieu of points, charges that would otherwise qualify as Eligible Incidental Charges charged to the Member’s room or guest folio will not earn any Base Points or Bonus Points.
 
7. Meetings/Events. When attending a meeting, event, or convention, all charges made by Members that are placed on a group “master account” or “posting master” (to be paid by a convention, association, group, or other event organizer) will not be eligible for points. Only individual Eligible Incidental Charges for which the Member personally pays or that are directly billed back to Member’s company or organization for payment (and are not settled to a group master account/posting master) are eligible for points. Direct billing may not be available in some locations.
 
8. Multiple Rooms. A Member may earn points for up to three (3) rooms per night (Member’s room and two (2) additional rooms) within the same hotel or resort. The Member must be a registered guest, occupy at least one of the rooms, and pay an Eligible Rate for all applicable rooms. The Member will earn Base Points for each of the rooms, but the Member will only earn Tier-Qualifying Nights (defined in Appendix C) for one (1) room. In addition, only the room occupied by the Member will count toward current Program promotions and receive Program benefits and services. The occupant(s) of the additional room(s) will not receive points (or any partner credit offered to Members in lieu of points).
 
9. Shared Accommodations. When sharing accommodations with other Members, only the first Member assigned to the reservation may earn points and Tier-Qualifying Night(s) on the Eligible Rate portion of the bill for which (s)he personally pays or that is directly billed back to that Member’s company or organization for payment (and is not settled to a group master account/posting master).
 
(b) Earning Points Other than as a Registered Guest
 
1. Eligible Non-Stay Charges. Members may earn points for Eligible Non-Stay Charges at participating outlets at Hyatt hotels and resorts even when such charges are not affiliated with a stay at such Hyatt hotel or resort. Outlet participation is limited and this benefit may not be available at all properties or at certain brands. Please ask outlet associates for participation eligibility. “Eligible Non-Stay Charges” vary depending on the applicable hotel or resort and the applicable outlet, but generally include spa and salon services, spa and salon retail items, one (1) day spa membership, and food and beverage expenditures (except at outlets not operated by the hotel or resort).  Points will not be awarded on alcoholic beverage purchases in certain jurisdictions or at certain outlets. Eligible Non-Stay Charges may exclude, without limitation, monthly or annual memberships, service charges, taxes and gratuities. Eligible Non-Stay Charges also exclude meeting or event charges. Member must use an Eligible Method of Payment (defined below) to settle Eligible Non-Stay Charges for the charges to earn points.
 
2. One Member per Eligible Non-Stay Charge. In order for a Member to earn points for Eligible Non-Stay Charges, the Member must provide valid identification and Program membership number and personally pay for all Eligible Non-Stay Charges using an Eligible Method of Payment (defined below).  A maximum of one (1) Member per bill may earn points for Eligible Non-Stay Charges, regardless of the number of Members present at the time charges are incurred.
 
3. Points; Methods of Payment. Five (5) Base Points will be awarded for each whole U.S. dollar or U.S. dollar equivalent paid by a Member for Eligible Non-Stay Charges. “Eligible Methods of Payment” include cash, check, or major credit cards or debit/bank cards. Eligible Methods of Payment may exclude, without limitation, hotel “House Accounts,” charges settled by a company or organization, charges billed to a guest room/folio or unit at a Hyatt-branded residence, point redemptions, award redemptions, Hyatt-branded gift cards, Hyatt gift cheques, or property-specific gift card/certificates.
 
4. Retroactive Credit. In the event a Member does not provide his or her Program membership number at the time Eligible Non-Stay Charges are incurred, the Member must contact the applicable outlet directly to request retroactive point issuance. Retroactive point credit timeframes vary by outlet. Charges that would otherwise qualify as Eligible Non-Stay Charges that were incurred prior to a Member’s enrollment in the Program are not eligible for retroactive credit.
 
(c) Earning Bonus Points When Planning a Qualifying Event.
 
Members may have the opportunity to earn additional Bonus Points by planning a Qualifying Event, as defined and described in Appendix E. Please see Appendix E for details.
 
(d) Earning Points through Avis Car Rentals
 
Members can earn five hundred (500) Bonus Points for each qualifying rental at participating Avis rental locations when presenting their Program membership card and requesting World of Hyatt Bonus Points or entering their Program membership number in the rewards program section when making a reservation on avis.com. Car renters must meet Avis’s car rental age, driver, credit and all other applicable requirements as set forth in the agreement between Member and Avis.
 
II. Earning Credit with Partner Programs
 
(a)    Electing Partner Loyalty Points. When paying an Eligible Rate for a night at a Park Hyatt, Miraval, Grand Hyatt, Hyatt Regency, Hyatt, Andaz, Hyatt Centric, The Unbound Collection by Hyatt, Hyatt Place, Hyatt House, Hyatt Ziva, or Hyatt Zilara hotel or resort, Members can  in lieu of points  select to earn miles, points, or credit (“Partner Loyalty Points”) in the loyalty program of other companies with which Hyatt contracts. “Partner Loyalty Points” is used in these Terms to refer to all partner currency in a partner program, which may be referred to in the applicable program by any name or designation, including, without limitation, miles, kilometers, and points. (The term “Partner Loyalty Points” does not include M life Rewards Tier Credits, which are discussed in Appendix D.) To earn Partner Loyalty Points in a partner program, you must be both a World of Hyatt Member and a member of the applicable partner’s loyalty program at the time of the stay. Refer to world.hyatt.com for a complete list of participating partners.
 
(b) Earning Rates. Rates for earning Partner Loyalty Points vary by partner. All partners award 500 Partner Loyalty Points when choosing Partner Loyalty Points for a stay during which the Member pays an Eligible Rate for at least one (1) night, except where the Program Site expressly specifies otherwise for a particular partner.
 
(c)    One per Stay.  Partner Loyalty Points will be awarded on only one partner program per stay, regardless of the number of rooms a Member personally pays for during the stay or the length of the stay. The name on the reservation must match the name on the partner program membership account exactly.
 
(d)    Additional Terms Apply. Taxes and fees related to accrual and use of any Partner Loyalty Points or award travel with a partner are the responsibility of the Member. Without limiting the specificity of the remainder of this section, all terms and conditions applicable to a participant’s enrollment in any partner program will apply to that participant. American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantage program at any time without notice. American Airlines is not responsible for products or services offered by other participating companies. For complete details about the AAdvantage program, visit www.aa.com. Miles accrued and awards issued on United Airlines are subject to the terms and conditions of the United Mileage Plus program. United, its subsidiaries, affiliates and agents are not responsible for any products and services of other participating companies. Other terms and conditions apply. United and Mileage Plus are registered trademarks of United Airlines, Inc. All Southwest Airlines Rapid Rewards rules and regulations apply.
 
III. Converting Program Points to Partner Loyalty Points
 
(a) Members may convert points to Partner Loyalty Points with participating partners at a conversion ratio of 1,250 points to 500 Partner Loyalty Points (2.5 to 1). A minimum of 5,000 points is required for each conversion request. Additional point conversions may be made in 1,250-point increments. Allow 6 to 8 weeks for processing. Partner Loyalty Points will be issued only to the Member’s account with the applicable partner. The conversion ratio is subject to change without notice. Terms and conditions applicable to point conversions may vary by partner. For complete terms and conditions, please contact your preferred partner.
 
(b)    A 5,000-Partner Loyalty Point bonus will be awarded for every increment of 50,000 points converted in a single transaction. (For example, a Member converting 150,000 points and a Member converting 175,000 points in a single transaction would each earn a bonus of 15,000 Partner Loyalty Points.) Members will not receive any Partner Loyalty Point bonus for multiple conversions of less than 50,000 points, irrespective of the cumulative total number of points converted.
 
(c)    Once points have been transferred to a partner program, they will no longer be available for use in the Program. All point conversions are final and non-reversible upon submission of the conversion request.
 
(d)    All conversion, redemption, or other usage of converted Partner Loyalty Points is subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable partner’s program.
 
(e)    Refer to world.hyatt.com for a complete list of participating partners.
 
IV. Hyatt-branded Credit Cards
 
Hyatt Credit Card and World of Hyatt Credit Card accounts are currently issued only to U.S. residents by Chase Bank USA, N.A. located in Wilmington, DE (“Chase”). Neither Hyatt Corporation, nor any parent, affiliate, or subsidiary of Hyatt Corporation, issue these Hyatt-branded Credit Cards. These accounts are subject to credit approval and annual fee. Restrictions and limitations apply. For more information on the World of Hyatt Credit Card, to apply, or to see current offer details for the World of Hyatt Credit Card, visit creditcards.chase.com/lp/worldofhyattcc/. Chase will mail you a Rewards Program Agreement containing additional card rewards program terms once your account is established. If you become a Chase Online customer, your Rewards Program Agreement will be available online as well.
 
Hyatt-branded Credit Card cardmembers may be offered additional methods to earn points and awards and achieve elite status in the Program. The terms and conditions that govern such cardmember offers are provided at or before the time of each eligible offer. To receive or utilize any additional Program benefits offered to these cardmembers, the cardmember must be a Member of the Program in good standing.
 
V. Purchasing & Gifting Points
 
Hyatt, through a third-party vendor, allows Members to purchase Bonus Points for themselves or to give directly to other Members. Program membership is required to purchase or receive Bonus Points. Points purchased or claimed through Hyatt’s vendor are Bonus Points pursuant to these Terms and do not count toward Member’s qualification for elite status in the Program. Except where expressly permitted by Hyatt: (a) Bonus Points may only be purchased in increments of 1,000 Bonus Points, up to a maximum of 55,000 Bonus Points per transaction; (b) Members may purchase a maximum of 55,000 Bonus Points for their own account per calendar year; and (c) Members may claim gifted Bonus Points up to a maximum of 55,000 Bonus Points per calendar year. Purchase of Bonus Points is non-refundable and these transactions cannot be reversed.
 
The purchase price of Bonus Points is subject to change without notice. No monetary refunds will be given for purchased points. Additional terms and conditions may apply to these transactions.
 
VI. Combining Points
 
A Member may combine points from their account with those of one other specifically designated Member. A single Member may participate in a point-combining transaction (transferring or receiving of points) not more than once every 30 days. In order to combine points, the following requirements must be met:
 
(a) Each Member must have an active account to be eligible to combine points.
 
(b) A Program Point Combination Request Form must be completed and signed by both Members and submitted to Hyatt customer service. Forms are available by contacting Hyatt’s central reservation service. Completed forms must be returned to Hyatt via email as specified on the form. Once received, please allow between two and four weeks to approve and process the combination request.
 
(c) Points may be combined into only one Member’s account. Points received through transfer will be considered Bonus Points for the recipient.  Once issued in the designated recipient Member’s name, the Member transferring the points will relinquish all rights to the combined points.
 
VII. Points not Property; Other Transfer of Points Prohibited
 
Points do not constitute property of the Member. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, points cannot be given away by a Member. They are not negotiable, commissionable, or redeemable for cash, and are void if a Member sells, barters, auctions, donates, assigns, conveys, or otherwise transfers them (or makes any attempt to do so) in a manner not expressly allowed by these Terms or otherwise permitted by Hyatt (in writing) in its sole discretion. Points may not be transferred via divorce or inheritance.  In the case of documented death of a Member, points (but not elite status or awards) are transferable on a one-time basis to one (1) person sharing the same residential mailing address as the deceased Member. Receipt of points in such a transfer requires the recipient to be a Member. (Hyatt will have no responsibility for any disputes related to the transference of the points of a deceased Member and, in the event that Hyatt receives competing transfer requests from more than one (1) person sharing the deceased Member’s residential address and such dispute cannot be resolved to Hyatt’s satisfaction, Hyatt may refuse all transfers and void the deceased Member’s points.)
 
VIII. Error Reporting; Adjustment
 
Please note that this section describes the applicable procedure where you have previously associated your membership number with a purported points-earning transaction, but believe that an error or omission has occurred in crediting that transaction to your account. For information on seeking retroactive Program credit for transactions with which you did not previously associate your membership number, please see the relevant sections above in this Appendix A.
 
You must report any errors or omissions on transactions posted to your account in writing to Hyatt customer service within one (1) year of the applicable account summary in order for Hyatt to reconcile the account and make any required adjustments to your account. You must enclose a copy of the applicable complete property bill and payment receipt when reporting any error or omission in your account. You agree that, if Hyatt determines that it improperly denied you a point accrual, Hyatt’s total liability for such denial will be limited to the equivalent of that point accrual. Hyatt has the right to correct (including removal from your account), to cancel any points posted in error, or to cancel the use of any points posted in error at any time (e.g., by cancelling any pending award reservation made using such points).
 
IX. MGM Resorts International Relationship 
 
Details regarding Hyatt’s relationship with MGM Resorts International, including the ability to earn points for certain eligible activities at M life Rewards destinations, are set forth in Appendix D to these Terms.
    






    

     {{ !expanded ? '+' : '-' }} Appendix B - Awards and Program Benefits Available to All Members
    
         
This Appendix B generally describes:

How Members can redeem points for awards in the Program;
The awards that are available to all Members;
The special terms applicable to each of those awards; and
Gifting awards to another person
Table of Contents
I.  Awards and Benefits Generally
II.  Redeeming Free Night Awards, Room Upgrade Awards, or Points + Cash Awards
III.  Redeeming Points for Dining, Spa and More Awards
IV. Milestone Rewards
V. Hyatt Residence Club Awards
VI. Breakfast Benefit at Participating Hyatt Place Hotels
 
VII. Avis Awards
 
I. Awards and Benefits Generally
 
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, awards and the benefits made available to Members cannot be given away by a Member. They are not negotiable, commissionable or redeemable for cash and are void if a Member sells, barters, auctions, donates, assigns, conveys, or otherwise transfers them (or makes any attempt to do so) in a manner not expressly allowed by these Terms or otherwise permitted by Hyatt (in writing) in its sole discretion.
 
In addition to the type of awards described below, Hyatt may (in its sole discretion) make other types of awards available for redemption as specified on the Program Site or in other materials published by Hyatt. These additional award options, where offered, are subject to availability and to both these Terms and any additional terms indicated in the award offer or during the redemption process.
 
II. Redeeming Free Night Awards, Room Upgrade Awards, or Points + Cash Awards
 
(a) General
 
1. Additional Information on Specific Awards. For award chart, hotel category and additional award redemption information, visit worldofhyatt.com or call the applicable award reservations number, available at hyatt.com. 
 
2. Types of Stay-Based Awards.

A “Free Night Award” offers Members the opportunity to have the room rate waived for a night’s stay at a participating hotel or resort.
A “Room Upgrade Award” offers Members the opportunity to upgrade a room reserved by the Member at a participating hotel or resort to a different type or category of room. 
Free Night Awards and Room Upgrade Awards may be: (i) available to Members who redeem a specified number of points or (ii) earned by qualifying Members as a benefit in the Program or as a part of a related promotional offer from Hyatt.
Members may also be offered the opportunity to combine points and a monetary payment for a stay at participating hotels and resorts, which is referred to in these Terms as a “Points + Cash Award.”

 
3. Award Reservations. In order to make a reservation using a Free Night Award, Room Upgrade Award, or Points + Cash Award (each, an “Award Reservation”), Members must make the reservation in advance directly with Hyatt. A credit card guarantee is required when making the Award Reservation. Award Reservations are subject to the reservation requirements of the individual hotel or resort at which Member is redeeming an award, such as a minimum length of stay.
 
4. Points Deduction; Cancellation and No-Shows. When a Member makes an Award Reservation, the corresponding number of points or the electronic voucher for the applicable award for that reservation will be automatically deducted from Member’s account within approximately three (3) days of booking. In some instances, a Member with elite status may be permitted to make an Award Reservation even though the Member does not have a sufficient number of points or the voucher required for the particular award, in anticipation of the Member accumulating the necessary points or voucher prior to the check-in date of the Award Reservation. If the elite Member does not have the sufficient number of points or the applicable voucher in his or her account as the check-in date of the Award Reservation nears (as determined by Hyatt in its sole discretion), the reservation may be canceled or changed by Hyatt in its sole discretion to the then-current Standard Rate for the applicable room. If the award the elite Member attempted to use is a Room Upgrade Award, the upgrade may be refused.  
 
Award Reservations are subject to the cancellation policy of the applicable hotel or resort. These policies vary by hotel and resort and each hotel’s and resort’s cancellation policy can be found on the page for that hotel or resort within hyatt.com (or miraval.com, as applicable), by calling the hotel or resort directly, or by contacting Hyatt’s central reservation service. (Please see hyatt.com for contact information.) If a Member cancels an Award Reservation in compliance with the applicable hotel’s or resort’s cancellation policy, any corresponding points that have been deducted from the Member’s account will be returned to the account within approximately three (3) days of the cancellation. If a Member does not follow the proper cancellation policy for the applicable hotel or resort or if a Member does not check into the hotel or resort when scheduled, the credit card provided with the Award Reservation will be charged in accordance with the hotel’s or resort’s cancellation or no-show policy and any points redeemed for the applicable Award Reservation will be returned to the Member’s account.  
 
5. Multi-Night Awards Useable Only for a Single Stay. If an award is valid for two (2) or more nights, it may not be redeemed for separate stays.
 
6. Unused Portion of Award Forfeited.  No credit will be issued for any portion of an award that is not fully used. If a Member has an Award Reservation, checks in, and departs earlier than the confirmed checkout date, the Member forfeits any unused portion of the award and corresponding points.
 
7. Awards Not Combinable. Unless expressly set forth in the terms for the applicable award type, awards are not combinable on the same dates with other awards, upgrade certificates, partner awards, certificate discounts or benefits, incentive travel awards, vouchers, checks or any other special offers. However, a Member may choose to use multiple awards for back-to-back stays.
 
8. Member ID Requirements. When a Member checks in for an Award Reservation, the Member may be required to present photo identification, comply with any other verification required by the applicable hotel or resort, and provide a credit card or cash deposit for incidentals.
 
9. Standard Rooms; No Packages. Free Night Awards cannot be redeemed for packages, unless specifically stated as part of a particular award offer (in which case additional terms may apply, as specified at the time of award offer).  Free Night Awards are valid for standard guest rooms, unless specifically stated as part of a particular award. Standard rooms are defined by each hotel or resort and may differ by hotel or resort. Some properties do not have standard rooms or may only offer accommodations as part of a package and Free Night Awards are not valid at those properties (unless specifically stated as part of a particular award offer).
 
10. Maximum Room Capacity. Award Reservations generally allow for occupancy up to the maximum room capacity for the applicable room, which varies by hotel or resort and room type. At Miraval resorts, however, Free Night Awards received through redemption of points are either single or double occupancy, as selected by the Member during redemption.  In addition, at Hyatt Zilara and Hyatt Ziva resorts, Free Night Awards received through redemption of points are based on up to double occupancy. If permitted, additional point redemption is required for an Award Reservation of more than two (2) guests at Hyatt Zilara and Hyatt Ziva resorts.
 
11. Application of Award. Award Reservations may be applied only to the Member’s guest room and certain included services as specified when making the Award Reservation; they do not apply to other incidental expenses, service charges, or additional occupants.
 
12. Waiver of Resort, Destination, or Facility Fee on Free Night Awards. Resort, destination, or facility fees, where charged by the applicable hotel or resort, will be waived for Members redeeming a Free Night Award. This benefit is not valid at any Hyatt Residence Club resort or M life Rewards destinations. This benefit applies only to nights for which the Member has redeemed a Free Night Award. This benefit does not apply to any Room Upgrade Award, Points + Cash Award, or any non-stay award (e.g., a Dining, Spa and More Award or a Future Meeting Credit (defined in Appendix E)). In some instances, a hotel or resort may charge other fees (such as a “service fee”) that are independent of any resort, destination, or facility fee charged by that hotel or resort. Any such fees will not be waived for Members pursuant to this benefit.
 
13. Gifting an Award. Members may request that certain awards be issued to another person. Free Night Awards, certain Room Upgrade Awards, and Points + Cash Awards are currently eligible to be gifted to another person, as permitted under this provision. Club Lounge Access Awards (defined below), Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards (defined below), and non-stay awards (such as Dining, Spa and More Awards) are currently not eligible for gifting. In order to gift an award that is allowed to be gifted in the Program, a Member must comply with the following requirements:
 
A. The Award Reservation must be made by the Member who wishes to gift the award, but the reservation must be made in the name of the person who will actually use the award (i.e., the recipient of the gifted award).
 
B. The recipient of the award must provide photo identification and a credit card or cash deposit for incidentals at check-in.
 
C. Once an Award Reservation has been made, the reservation may not be transferred. The reservation may only be used by the person whose name appears on the reservation. The reservation may be cancelled in accordance with the applicable hotel, resort, or other participating property’s cancellation policy, in which event the points for the award will be returned to the account of the Member who made the reservation.
 
D. Gifting of an award does not include the transfer of Program membership benefits, except where otherwise detailed in these Terms. For clarification, and without limiting any other provision in these Terms, Guest of Honor benefits (as described in Appendix C) apply only when a Globalist gifts a Free Night Award and not to any gift of a Room Upgrade Award or Points + Cash Award.
 
14. Expiration of Awards; Expired Awards Not Extendable. Some awards are subject to an expiration date, as specified in these Terms or in separate offer terms for a promotional award. Awards are void if not redeemed prior to the specified expiration date. The redemption period for any such award will not be extended. For stay-based awards, expiration is measured by the checkout date of the stay on which such award is redeemed. The checkout date for the Award Reservation on which any such award is redeemed must occur before the expiration date of the award. Other types of awards may specify how their expiration date is measured in the terms for the applicable award.
 
(b) Free Night Awards
 
1. Standard-Room Free Night Awards: Standard-room Free Night Awards may be redeemed only when standard rooms are available at the Standard Rate at the selected hotel or resort. Standard-room Free Night Awards are not subject to blackout dates at Hyatt hotels and resorts. (Redemption of Standard-room Free Night Awards at participating M life Rewards destinations may be subject to blackout dates.) 
 
2. 5-Brand Free Night Award:
 
A. Earning a 5-Brand Free Night Award. Measurement of qualifying stays for a 5-Brand Free Night Award began on March 1, 2017, and continues over the life of a Member’s Program membership. A Member may earn a “5-Brand Free Night Award” after paying an Eligible Rate for a completed stay of one (1) night or more at five (5) different Hyatt brands, namely: Park Hyatt, Miraval, Grand Hyatt, Hyatt Regency, Hyatt, Andaz, Hyatt Centric, The Unbound Collection by Hyatt, Hyatt Place, Hyatt House, Hyatt Zilara, Hyatt Ziva, or Hyatt Residence Club. No other brand counts toward earning this award. Properties within The Unbound Collection by Hyatt, while independently branded, will constitute a single Hyatt brand for purposes of earning a 5-Brand Free Night Award. For example, a Member would earn a 5-Brand Free Night Award after paying an Eligible Rate for five (5) total one-night stays as follows: one at a Park Hyatt hotel, one at a Grand Hyatt hotel, one at a Hyatt Regency hotel, one at an Andaz hotel, and one at a Hyatt Centric hotel. A Member who previously earned a 5-Brand Free Night Award may earn a second award only upon completing qualifying stays at another group of five (5) different participating Hyatt hotel brands. (That is, if you stay at a Park Hyatt hotel and that stay counts towards your first 5-brand Free Night Award, future stays at any Park Hyatt hotel or resort will not count towards a second 5-brand Free Night Award.) If accounts are merged, stay and award history will be consolidated for the purposes of calculating 5-brand Free Night Awards.
 
B. Redeeming a 5-Brand Free Night Award. A 5-Brand Free Night Award is redeemable for waiver of the room rate for one (1) night in a standard room, only when standard rooms are available at the Standard Rate at the selected hotel or resort. 5-brand Free Night Awards are redeemable only for Category 1-4 hotels and resorts, including  for reservations booked on or after September 28, 2018, M life Rewards destinations in Categories 1-4. 5-Brand Free Night Awards are valid for one (1) year from the date of issuance. 5-Brand Free Night Awards are not subject to blackout dates at Hyatt hotels and resorts. Stays at Oasis homes during Hyatt’s collaboration with Oasis Collections count toward earning a 5-Brand Free Night Award as part of The Unbound Collection by Hyatt. 
 
3. Suite Free Night Awards: Free Night Awards for suite accommodation (“Suite Free Night Awards”) are subject to availability and are only valid for the type of suite specified by the applicable award at the time of redemption. Suite Free Night Awards may be redeemable for Standard Suites, or Premium Suites, as specified in the terms governing the applicable award. For purposes of these Terms, “Standard Suites” is defined as each participating hotel’s or resort’s introductory suite category. “Premium Suites” is defined as each participating hotel’s or resort’s suite category immediately above Standard Suites, but excludes any Specialty, Premier, Presidential or Diplomatic Suite or similar suite categories (each as designated by the applicable hotel or resort). Where a Suite Free Night Award does not expressly specify the type of suite for which it is redeemable, the award will be redeemable only for Standard Suites unless Hyatt, in its sole discretion, permits otherwise. At Hyatt House hotels and Hyatt Residence Club resorts, Suite Free Night Awards are valid for accommodations in the room category immediately above standard room unless another class of room is expressly specified in connection with the applicable award. No Suite Free Night Award is valid at Park Hyatt Maldives Hadahaa, Park Hyatt Sydney, Andaz Tokyo Toranomon Hills, Hyatt Regency Kyoto, Hyatt Regency Wichita, Hyatt Paris Madeleine, Hyatt Herald Square New York, Hyatt Key West Resort and Spa, Hyatt City of Dreams Manila, Hyatt Centric South Beach Miami, Spirit Ridge at NK’MIP Resort, Hyatt Rosemont, Hyatt Place hotels, or M life Rewards destinations. (These properties are referred to collectively in these Terms as the “Suite Award Ineligible Properties.”) In addition, Suite Free Night Awards for Premium Suites are not valid at Hyatt Residence Club, Hyatt Ziva or Hyatt Zilara hotels and resorts or at any hotel and resort that does not have Premium Suites (even if such hotel or resort has Specialty, Premier, Presidential or Diplomatic Suite or similar suite categories). Suite Free Night Awards for Premium Suites may be booked only by contacting Hyatt’s central reservation service. (Please see hyatt.com for contact information.)
 
4. Club Free Night Awards: Free Night Awards for accommodations with Club lounge access (“Club Free Night Awards”) are only valid for standard Club lounge-access rooms, as defined by each participating hotel or resort, subject to availability. Club Free Night Awards are redeemable only at Hyatt hotels and resorts that offer accommodations with Club lounge access and are not valid at any Hyatt Ziva, Hyatt Zilara, Miraval, Hyatt Residence Club, Hyatt Place, or Hyatt House hotel or resort, or any M life Rewards destination.
 
(c) Room Upgrade Awards
 
1. Suite Upgrade Awards: A Room Upgrade Award for suite accommodations (“Suite Upgrade Award”) may not be redeemed at all Hyatt hotel or resort locations and may have minimum room-type and rate requirements for the underlying reservation, including as described below. In order to redeem a Suite Upgrade Award at a Hyatt resort, a Member must pay the Standard Rate for a minimum of a deluxe room (such as partial ocean view, ocean view, slope view, Dreamcatcher or Sunrise room, etc.). In order to redeem a Suite Upgrade Award at a Hyatt hotel (that is not a resort), a Member must pay the Standard Rate for a minimum of a standard room. (PLEASE NOTE: The distinction between a Hyatt resort and a Hyatt hotel may not always be obvious when making reservations online and Members considering use of a Suite Upgrade Award are encouraged to make their reservation by calling Hyatt’s central reservation service. (Please visit hyatt.com for contact information.)) There are a limited number of guest rooms available for Suite Upgrade Awards. Suite Upgrade Awards may be valid for Standard Suites or Premium Suites as identified during the award-redemption process. Where a Suite Upgrade Award does not expressly specify the type of suite for which it is redeemable, the award will be redeemable only for Standard Suites unless Hyatt, in its sole discretion, permits otherwise. Unless otherwise indicated, the point requirement for a Suite Upgrade Award is on a per-night basis. Suite Upgrade Awards count toward the night for which the award was redeemed, regardless of the length of stay. Suite Upgrade Awards are not valid at any of the Suite Award Ineligible Properties or Hyatt Residence Club hotels or resorts. In addition, Suite Upgrade Awards for Premium Suites are not valid at Hyatt Ziva or Hyatt Zilara hotels and resorts or at any hotel and resort that does not have Premium Suites (even if such hotel or resort has Specialty, Premier, Presidential or Diplomatic Suite or similar suite categories). Suite Upgrade Awards for Premium Suites may be booked only by contacting Hyatt’s central reservation service. (Please see hyatt.com for contact information.)
 
2. Club Upgrade Awards: A Room Upgrade Award for accommodations with Club lounge access (“Club Upgrade Award”) is redeemable only at Hyatt hotels and resorts that have a Club lounge and is not valid at Hyatt Zilara, Hyatt Ziva, Miraval, Hyatt Residence Club, Hyatt Place or Hyatt House hotels or resorts, or M life Rewards destinations. Club Upgrade Awards may have minimum room-type and rate requirements for the underlying reservation, including as described below. In order to redeem a Club Upgrade Award at a Hyatt resort, a Member must pay the Standard Rate for a minimum of a deluxe room (such as partial ocean view, ocean view, slope view, etc.). In order to redeem a Club Upgrade Award at a Hyatt hotel (that is not a resort), a Member must pay a minimum of the Standard Rate for a minimum of a standard room. Club Upgrade Awards are only valid for standard rooms with Club lounge access, as defined by the applicable hotel or resort. (PLEASE NOTE: The distinction between a Hyatt resort and a Hyatt hotel may not always be obvious when making reservations online and Members considering use of a Club Upgrade Award are encouraged to make their reservation by calling Hyatt’s central reservation service. Please visit hyatt.com for contact information.) Unless otherwise indicated, the point requirement for a Club Upgrade Award is on a per-night basis. Club Upgrade Awards are valid only for the night for which the award was redeemed, regardless of the length of stay.
 
(d) Points + Cash Awards
 
Points + Cash Awards are subject to availability. Member must pay the Points + Cash rate and redeem required point value to redeem award as described on the Program Site. Unless specifically stated otherwise in the applicable award offer, Points + Cash Awards may not be redeemed for packages. Points + Cash Awards may be redeemable for standard rooms, Standard Suites, or Premium Suites as identified during the award-redemption process. A limited number of rooms may be allocated for these awards, and availability may vary by hotel and resort. No Points + Cash Awards of any kind are valid at Hyatt Zilara or Hyatt Ziva resorts. In addition, Points + Cash Awards are not valid for Standard Suites or Premium Suites at Hyatt Place hotels, M life Rewards destinations, or any of the Suite Award Ineligible Properties and are not valid for Premium Suites at Hyatt Residence Club resorts or at any hotel and resort that does not have Premium Suites (even if such hotel or resort has Specialty, Premier, Presidential or Diplomatic Suite or similar suite categories). Points + Cash Awards can be redeemed for Standard Suites and Premium Suites only by contacting Hyatt’s central reservation service. (Please see hyatt.com for contact information.)

 
III. Redeeming Points for Dining, Spa and More Awards
 
(a) Members may redeem points for eligible charges at participating Hyatt hotels and resorts or participating restaurants and spas at Hyatt hotels and resorts (a “Dining, Spa and More Award”). Hotel, resort, restaurant, and spa participation is limited. Miraval and Hyatt Residence Club resorts, and M life Rewards destinations do not participate. Redemption of Dining, Spa, and More Awards is limited to registered guests at Hyatt Zilara, Hyatt Ziva, Hyatt Place, and Hyatt House hotels and resorts. Please ask a hotel or resort Colleague for participation eligibility.
 
(b) Award redemption is limited to Eligible Redemption Charges at participating outlets when settled in such outlet or, for registered hotel guests, when settled to their guest room. Visit world.hyatt.com to view Dining, Spa and More Award chart. “Eligible Redemption Charges” vary by hotel and resort, but generally include food and beverage, spa and salon services, and spa and salon retail items. In addition the following charges may be Eligible Redemption Charges at participating hotels and resorts when settled to the Member’s guest room: laundry, dry cleaning, telephone charges, pay-per-view movies, parking, gift/retail shop, service charges, taxes (not including room taxes) and gratuities. Eligible Redemption Charges expressly exclude room rates, room taxes, alcoholic beverages (in certain jurisdictions), catering or banquet charges, and casino charges and Dining, Spa and More Awards may not be used towards any such charges.
 
(c) A maximum of one award may be redeemed per transaction. Any charges for which a Dining, Spa and More Award is redeemed (including charges in excess of the award amount) are ineligible to earn points in the Program.
 
(d) The Member must inform a Hyatt Colleague at the applicable outlet of his or her intention to redeem an award at the outset of the meal, spa service, or other applicable transaction. The Member may be required to provide his/her Program membership number and valid identification when redeeming an award.
 
(e) When a Member redeems a Dining, Spa or More Award, the corresponding number of points for that award will be automatically deducted from Member’s account. A Member may redeem points for an award that is applied to part of a larger charge; however, that Member is financially responsible for any portion of charges exceeding the award value. If a Member does not have a sufficient number of points in his or her account for the award amount (s)he has attempted to redeem, the award transaction will be canceled and the Member will be required to settle the charges with another form of payment. In the event that the award amount exceeds the Eligible Redemption Charges to which it is applied by the Member, no credit will be issued for any portion of the award that is not fully used.
 
IV. Milestone Rewards
 
 
(a) Earning & Selection
 
The Program offers a number of awards that are provided to Members based on their annual qualifying activity (collectively, “Milestone Rewards”). Qualification for the awards described in this section is based on the Member’s activity over the course of a single calendar year, January 1st through December 31st (“Calendar Year”), as measured through either of the following metrics:
 
(i) Tier-Qualifying Nights. A Member may earn awards based on the number of nights the Member (i) stays at a Hyatt hotel or resort or an M life Rewards destination; (ii) pays an Eligible Rate or redeems a Free Night Award; and (iii) associates his or her valid Program membership number with the reservation (either at the time of reservation or check-in or by requesting retroactive credit for the night in accordance with Hyatt’s procedures) during the applicable measuring period (each a “Tier-Qualifying Night”). Members may be offered opportunities to receive credit(s) for Tier-Qualifying Nights without completing a Tier-Qualifying Night, as disclosed in applicable term and conditions. Each of these Tier-Qualifying Night credits will count fully as a Tier-Qualifying Night unless otherwise noted, but will not count when calculating Tier Qualifying Nights for a promotional offer unless otherwise noted.
 
(ii) Base Points. A Member may earn awards based on the number of Base Points accumulated by the Member during the applicable Calendar Year.
 
Nights for which a Member elects to earn Partner Loyalty Points or M life Rewards Tier Credits in place of Base Points will count as Tier-Qualifying Nights in the Program, provided that the night meets the other requirements of a Tier-Qualifying Night as set forth above. Tier-Qualifying Nights exclude any night stayed at a Hyatt hotel or resort for which the Member pays an Ineligible Rate (except where redeeming a Free Night Award) or any night that is placed on or settled to a group “master account” or “posting master” (for example, master accounts paid by a convention, association or group). Only Base Points are counted towards the awards described in this section; Bonus Points are not considered in evaluating a Member’s qualification for the awards described in this section. A Member will only receive credit for a stay-based Tier-Qualifying Night after the Member completes his or her stay and is checked out of the applicable hotel or resort (including for pre-paid reservations).
 
When a Member pays for more than one (1) room during a particular stay, only one (1) such room will be eligible to earn a Tier-Qualifying Night (provided that the night otherwise satisfies the requirements set out above). When accounts are merged, the qualifying activity of both merged accounts will be considered in determining whether the account holder of the merged account will receive any of the below awards (or elite status).
 
The awards detailed below are distinct from the earning of elite status in this Program and a Member’s elite status in the Program does not, in and of itself, qualify the Member to receive any of the below awards.
 
As discussed in the “Awards” section below, some Milestone Rewards offer a Member the chance to select from among several available options. When a Member earns such a Milestone Reward, (s)he will be sent an email to the email address then on-file for his or her Program account. The email will alert the Member of his or her accomplishment and provide instruction on how (s)he can make a selection. A Member must have a valid email address associated with his or her Program account in order to receive these Milestone Rewards, as notice will not otherwise be provided to the Member. The Member will have ninety (90) days from the date on which this notification email is sent to make a selection. If a Member fails, for any reason, to make a selection within ninety (90) days of the notice being sent, the Member will forfeit the applicable Milestone Reward.
 
 
(b) Awards
 
A Member may earn the below Milestone Rewards in multiple ways (e.g., by staying the minimum number of Tier-Qualifying Nights or accruing the minimum number of Base Points in a Calendar Year). However, satisfying more than one of the qualifying requirements for a particular award in a single Calendar Year will not result in additional awards. (e.g., for the Milestone Reward for reaching 20 Tier-Qualifying Nights or 35,000 Base Points, a Member who reaches 20 Tier Qualifying Nights will receive an award, but (s)he will not receive a second award if s/he subsequently reaches 35,000 Base Points). Unless otherwise stated at the time of offer, there is a limit of one per Calendar Year for each type of Milestone Reward.
 
(i) 20 Tier-Qualifying Nights or 35,000 Base Points.
 
Upon completing twenty (20) Tier-Qualifying Nights or earning thirty-five thousand (35,000) Base Points in a Calendar Year, a Member will receive two (2) complimentary awards redeemable for Club lounge access (“Club Lounge Access Awards”). (Any Member who earns or otherwise receives Explorist status between January 1, 2019, and February 28, 2019  and thereby earns four (4) Club lounge access awards under the Program prior to the Effective Date of these Terms  will still receive the four (4) Club lounge access awards, but will not receive any additional Club Lounge Access Awards in 2019, regardless of the number of Tier-Qualifying Nights completed or Base Points earned.)
 
Club Lounge Access Awards are valid for the remainder of the Calendar Year in which they were earned and an additional fourteen (14) months thereafter. These awards are valid in connection with reservations with a checkout date by the expiration of the award. Awards not redeemed prior to the expiration date of the award will be forfeited. Club Lounge Access Awards can be tracked through the “My Awards” section of the Member’s account. A Member must redeem Club Lounge Access Awards prior to check-in for the underlying reservation.
 
Club Lounge Access Awards are redeemable only at participating Hyatt hotels and resorts that have a Club lounge and are not valid at Hyatt Place, Hyatt House, Miraval, Hyatt Zilara, Hyatt Ziva, or Hyatt Residence Club hotels and resorts or M life Rewards destinations. Club Lounge Access Awards are valid on nights for which the Member has paid an Eligible Rate or has redeemed points for a standard-room Free Night Award, Suite Free Night Award, or a Points + Cash Award, up to a maximum of seven (7) consecutive nights. Not valid in connection with any Free Night Award other than those identified above, including, without limitation, Hyatt-branded Credit Card premium and anniversary Free Night Awards, 5-brand Free Night Awards, Category 1-4 Free Night Awards (defined below), or any other promotional Free Night Award. Breakfast will not be provided to a Member at participating hotels or resorts without an accessible Club lounge. Club lounge access is subject to availability and space limitations. Club Lounge Access Awards are not redeemable when making a reservation at a hotel or resort that has not yet opened. (A Member making such a reservation will need to contact Hyatt after the applicable hotel or resort has opened (but before check-in for the underlying reservation) in order to determine whether (s)he may redeem a Club Lounge Access Award at that hotel or resort.)
 
(ii) 30 Tier-Qualifying Nights or 50,000 Base Points
 
Upon completing thirty (30) Tier-Qualifying Nights or earning fifty thousand (50,000) Base Points in a Calendar Year, a Member will receive:
 
(A) two (2) additional Club Lounge Access Awards, as described and subject to the limitations set forth immediately above; and
 
(B) one (1) standard-room Free Night Award redeemable at a category 1-4 Hyatt hotel or resort (“Category 1-4 Free Night Award”). (A list of Hyatt hotels and resorts, sorted by category, can be found at world.hyatt.com). The Category 1-4 Free Night Award is valid for one hundred and eighty (180) days from the date of issuance and must be redeemed for a reservation with a checkout date before the expiration of the award. Awards not redeemed prior to the expiration date of the award will be forfeited. Redemption of Category 1-4 Free Night Award is subject to standard-room availability at the selected hotel or resort and to all redemption terms generally applicable to Award Reservations as set out above in this Appendix B. Category 1-4 Free Night Awards are not valid at M life Rewards destinations or any Hyatt hotel or resort classified by Hyatt (in its sole discretion) as category 5 or higher or not included in the category 1-8 classification system. Hyatt reserves the right to reclassify any hotel or resort at any time for any reason in its sole discretion. Other Free Night Awards, including those valid at category 1-4 hotels and resorts, may have different expiration and other applicable terms.
 
(iii) 40 Tier-Qualifying Nights or 65,000 Base Points
 
Upon completing forty (40) Tier-Qualifying Nights or earning sixty-five thousand (65,000) Base Points in a Calendar Year, a Member will receive his or her choice of any one (1) of the following awards:
 
(A) one (1) Hyatt electronic gift card (“Hyatt eGift Card”) in the amount of one hundred US dollars ($100 USD). Use of Hyatt eGift Cards is subject to the terms and conditions set forth at www.buyatab.com/custom/hyatt/?page=termsandconditions. Hyatt eGift Cards do not expire. PLEASE NOTE: Hyatt eGift Cards are issued by Hyatt Fulfilment of Maryland, Inc. and can be redeemed at participating Hyatt hotels and resorts in the Americas, but they are not accepted at Hyatt locations outside of the Americas. A list of participating locations is available at www.hyattincentiverewards.com/ParticipationLocations.aspx.
 
OR
 
(B) a code redeemable by the Member within six (6) months of issuance for a one-time discount of 10,000 points off of any FIND experience (“FIND Voucher”) booked using points through experiences.worldofhyatt.com in accordance with the terms of the FIND program, available at worldofhyatt.com/findterms. A FIND Voucher must be redeemed for an experience that will be completed prior to the expiration date. Awards not used prior to the expiration date of the award and any unused portion of an award will be forfeited. The code will be sent by email; Member must have a valid email address associated his/her account.
 
OR
 
(C) five thousand (5,000) World of Hyatt Bonus Points.
 
(iv) 50 Tier-Qualifying Nights or 80,000 Base Points
 
Upon completing fifty (50) Tier-Qualifying Nights or earning eighty thousand (80,000) Base Points in a Calendar Year, a Member will receive two (2) complimentary Room Upgrade Awards for Standard Suite accommodations (“Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards”). (Any Member who earns Globalist status by completing the Tier-Qualifying Night and/or Base Point-earning requirements between January 1, 2019, and February 28, 2019  and thereby earns four (4) Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards for 2019 as provided under the Program prior to the Effective Date of these Terms  will still receive those four awards, but will not receive any additional Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards in the remainder of 2019, regardless of the number of Tier-Qualifying Nights completed or Base Points earned.)
 
Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards are valid through the end of the year in which they were earned (or, for Lifetime Globalists, gifted annually on or around March 1) plus fourteen (14) months. The awards are valid in connection with reservations with a checkout date by the expiration of the award.
 
Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards can be tracked through the “My Awards” section of the Member’s account. A Member must redeem a Complimentary Suite Upgrade Award when making the underlying reservation. Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards are not valid at any of the Suite Award Ineligible Properties or Hyatt Residence Club hotels or resorts. Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards are redeemable only at participating Hyatt hotels and resorts that offer suite accommodations (subject to the exclusions set forth below). For purposes of this award, a suite provides for one-bedroom accommodations. Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards are only valid for Standard Suites, defined as each participating hotel’s or resort’s introductory suite category, and are subject to availability. There are a limited number of Standard Suites available at each hotel and resort. Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards cannot be redeemed for any suite type other than Standard Suites, including Premium Suites, any Specialty, Premier, Presidential or Diplomatic Suites, or similar suite categories, each as designated by the applicable hotel or resort. Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards are redeemable only where the designated suite to be reserved is available for the entire length of the Member’s stay. Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards are valid on nights for which the Member has paid an Eligible Rate or has redeemed points for a standard-room Free Night Award, a Club Free Night Award, or a standard-room Points + Cash Award, up to a maximum of seven (7) consecutive nights. Not valid in connection with any Free Night Award other than those identified above, including, without limitation, Hyatt-branded Credit Card premium and anniversary Free Night Awards, 5-brand Free Night Awards, Category 1-7 Free Night Awards (defined below), or any other promotional Free Night Award. Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards are not redeemable in connection with hotels or resorts that have not yet opened when the Member makes his/her reservation, even if reservations for such hotel or resort are otherwise being accepted.
 
(v) 60 Tier-Qualifying Nights or 100,000 Base Points
 
Upon completing sixty (60) Tier-Qualifying Nights or earning one hundred thousand (100,000) Base Points in a Calendar Year, a Member will receive all of the following:
 
(A) two (2) additional Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards, as described and subject to the limitations set forth immediately above;
 
(B) one (1) standard-room Free Night Award redeemable at a category 1-7 Hyatt hotel or resort (“Category 1-7 Free Night Award”). (A list of Hyatt hotels and resorts, sorted by category, can be found at world.hyatt.com). The Category 1-7 Free Night Award is valid for one hundred and eighty (180) days from the date of issuance and must be redeemed for a reservation with a checkout date before the expiration of the award. Redemption of a Category 1-7 Free Night Award is subject to standard-room availability at the selected hotel or resort and to all redemption terms generally applicable to Award Reservations as set out above in this Appendix B. Category 1-7 Free Night Award is not valid at M life Rewards destinations or any property that is classified by Hyatt (in its sole discretion) in a category higher than category 7 or is not classified in the category 1-8 classification system. Hyatt reserves the right to reclassify any hotel or resort at any time for any reason in its sole discretion. Other Free Night Awards, including those valid at category 1-7 hotels and resorts, may have different expiration and other applicable terms.
 
and
 
(C) Access to a dedicated agent, the My Hyatt Concierge. Members who have earned this benefit can find contact information for the dedicated agent by logging into their account. Members who earn this benefit will have access to their My Hyatt Concierge for the remainder of the Calendar Year in which this benefit is earned, plus fourteen (14) months.
 
(vi) Additional Milestone Rewards.
 
Members will receive additional Milestone Rewards for completing seventy (70), eighty (80), ninety (90), and one hundred (100) Tier-Qualifying Nights during a Calendar Year. For each of these milestones, a Member will receive his or her choice of either: (a) ten thousand (10,000) Bonus Points or (b) one (1) Complimentary Suite Upgrade Award. A Member may receive a maximum of four (4) such awards during any Calendar Year.
 
V. Hyatt Residence Club Awards
 
(a) Hyatt Residence Club is a vacation ownership organization in which members own a fractional interest in a Hyatt Residence Club resort. Free Night Awards are redeemable at Hyatt Residence Club resorts where indicated in the terms of the applicable Free Night Award (either elsewhere in these Terms or in additional terms that may govern a promotional Free Night Award), provided that Hyatt Windward Pointe, Hyatt Beach House, Residences at Park Hyatt Beaver Creek, Hyatt Sierra Lodge, and Hyatt Siesta Key Beach resorts do not offer standard rooms and standard-room Free Night Awards are therefore not available at those resorts. Services offered at Hyatt Residence Club resorts are typically more limited than those found at other Hyatt hotels and resorts (e.g., services such as food and beverage/restaurant facilities, valet parking, laundry valet services, business center and wake-up call services may not be offered at all locations). Dining, Spa and More Awards are not valid at Hyatt Residence Club resorts.
 
(b) For award stays at Hyatt Residence Club resorts, complete housekeeping service is only provided on a “mid-week” basis for stays of four (4) or more nights. Daily housekeeping includes only trash removal upon request. If a Member desires daily complete housekeeping service for award nights, it may be provided upon request for an additional fee. Requests must be made at least seventy-two (72) hours in advance. Fees for daily complete housekeeping service vary by resort.
 
(c) Members do not receive Program services and benefits at neighboring Hyatt hotels and resorts during award stays at a Hyatt Residence Club resort.
 
VI. Breakfast Benefit at Participating Hyatt Place Hotels
 
For reservations with a check-in date on or after November 1, 2018, booked on or after September 15, 2018, Members staying at a participating Hyatt Place hotel who have paid an Eligible Rate or redeemed a Free Night Award for the applicable night will receive complimentary breakfast the following morning when breakfast is available (which includes standard breakfast buffet (with coffee, juice, and/or milk), as well as tax and gratuity) for each registered guest in the room. Breakfast benefit (where provided) is not valid for in-room dining. Valid only at participating Hyatt Place hotels and no other Hyatt hotel or resort, M life Rewards destination, or other property. This benefit is not valid at the following non-participating Hyatt Place hotels: Hyatt Place Frankfurt Airport, Hyatt Place Goa Candolim, Hyatt Place Gurgaon/Udyog Vihar, Hyatt Place London Heathrow Airport, Hyatt Place Rameswaram, and Hyatt Place West London/Hayes. Some Hyatt Place hotels may offer complimentary breakfast to all guests, in which case Members will not receive any additional or substitute benefit.
 
VII. Avis Awards
 
Avis Rent-A-Car free day awards are valid for the rental of an intermediate-size, 4-door car, subject to availability. Additional terms and conditions, including blackout periods, will be indicated on the award certificate that is provided to Member upon redemption of this award. Such terms and conditions are determined solely by Avis and the interpretation of the terms and conditions is determined by Avis (as applicable) and not by Hyatt. Avis award certificates are valid for redemption for one year from date of issuance, unless otherwise specified. Car rental awards will only be honored at participating Avis locations in the U.S. and Canada. Contact Avis directly for complete details.
    






    

     {{ !expanded ? '+' : '-' }} Appendix C - Tiers of Elite Status
    
         
The Program offers three tiers of elite status: Discoverist, Explorist, Globalist. The benefits for each are explained in detail below.
 
Table of Contents
I.  Earning Elite Status
II.  Benefits Generally
III.  Discoverist Status
IV.  Explorist Status
V.  Globalist Status
VI.  Lifetime Globalist Status
 
I. Earning Elite Status
 
Qualification for elite status is based on the Member’s activity (Tier-Qualifying Nights stayed or Base Points earned) over the course of a single Calendar Year. Members must re-qualify for elite status each Calendar Year. The specific number of Tier-Qualifying Nights and Base Points needed for each elite tier in the Program are detailed in this Appendix C below. Only Base Points are counted towards elite status; Bonus Points are not considered in evaluating a Member’s qualification for elite status. When a Member qualifies for elite status, (s)he will receive that elite status after meeting the minimum requirement through February of the second Calendar Year following qualification. For example, if a Member were to receive Discoverist status in September 2018, that Member would maintain Discoverist status for the remainder of 2018, all of 2019, and through February 2020, unless the Member re-qualified for his/her current status or earned another tier of elite status during that time.
II. Benefits Generally

(a) In-hotel Benefits Limited to Eligible Rates & Award Stays.
 
As described below, each tier of elite status provides Members with certain benefits. Many such benefits are provided by the applicable hotel or resort during the Member’s stay (“In-hotel Benefits”). In-hotel Benefits vary by tier of elite status and by hotel, resort, or other participating property, and are described in detail below. In-hotel Benefits include benefits like complimentary premium internet access, late checkout, and priority room access.
 
In-hotel Benefits are provided only where, for the applicable night, the elite Member (a) has paid an Eligible Rate or (b) has redeemed a Free Night Award, Room Upgrade Award, or Points + Cash Award. In the event that an elite Member is staying under an Ineligible Rate (other than as part of redeeming a Free Night Award), (s)he will not be provided any In-hotel Benefits for that stay.
 
(b) Unavailable Benefits; Some Benefits Included in Resort Fee.
 
You understand that not all Program benefits can be provided at all properties and some benefits are subject to availability. Hyatt will not be liable for refunds or for consequential damages resulting from failure to deliver Program benefits.
 
You further understand that, in some instances, benefits that would otherwise be provided to a Member on a complimentary basis pursuant to these Terms may be included within the resort, destination, or facility fee charged by a hotel or resort and, except as expressly set forth elsewhere in these Terms, such resort, destination, or facility fee will not be waived for Members.
 
(c) No Additional Benefit for Multiple Qualifications
 
As described below, a Member may earn a particular tier of elite status in multiple ways (e.g., by staying the minimum number of Tier-Qualifying Nights or accruing the minimum number of Base Points in a Calendar Year). Satisfying more than one of the status qualifications in a single Calendar Year will not extend the duration of a Member’s elite status or result in the receipt of any duplicative benefits of that elite status.
 
III. Discoverist Status
 
(a) Requirements To Earn Discoverist Status: Members who, in the course of one Calendar Year, record a minimum of ten (10) Tier-Qualifying Nights or earn twenty-five thousand (25,000) Base Points will receive Discoverist status after meeting the minimum requirement through February of the second Calendar Year following qualification. Please allow approximately seven (7) business days from the checkout date of the stay during which you qualify for a new elite status to be applied to your membership.
 
(b) Bonus Points: When choosing points for a stay, Discoverists will receive a ten percent (10%) point bonus on the Base Points earned on the Eligible Rate and Eligible Incidental Charges incurred during such stay. When earning points on Eligible Non-Stay Charges incurred at participating outlets, Discoverists will receive a ten percent (10%) point bonus on such Eligible Non-Stay Charges. Point bonuses are Bonus Points, not Base Points, and do not count towards the Member’s elite status qualification. Point bonus is available for stays at all Hyatt hotels and resorts, and M life Rewards destinations.
 
(c) Preferred Room: Subject to availability, Discoverists will be offered a preferred room at time of check-in at Hyatt hotels and resorts. Preferred rooms are determined by each hotel or resort (in its sole discretion) and include rooms on higher floors, corner rooms, or rooms with more appealing views. Preferred rooms are particular rooms that may be more desirable, but are within the same room type/category booked by the Member; they are not a “price point” upgrade in room type or category. Not offered at Hyatt Place, Hyatt House, or Hyatt Residence Club hotels and resorts, or M life Rewards destinations.
 
(d) Internet Access: At Hyatt hotels and resorts offering premium in-room internet access, Discoverists will be offered complimentary access during all stays. Not all properties offer premium in-room internet access. Premium internet access may be wired or wireless and varies by hotel or resort. If the hotel or resort offers wired and wireless internet services, it is at the applicable hotel’s or resort’s sole discretion which type of internet service to provide to the Member on a complimentary basis. Complimentary premium internet access is not offered at Hyatt Residence Club resorts, or at M life Rewards destinations.
 
(e) Dedicated Check-In Area: At participating Grand Hyatt, Hyatt Regency, Hyatt, Hyatt Centric, Hyatt Zilara, and Hyatt Ziva hotels and resorts, Discoverists will have access to a dedicated check-in area for elite Members. 
 
(f)  2:00 PM Late Checkout: Upon request, Discoverists will receive a 2:00 PM late checkout (local hotel time) on day of their departure at Hyatt hotels, provided that (a) late checkout is subject to availability at hotels with a casino and Hyatt resorts; and (b) late checkout is not offered at Hyatt Residence Club resorts or M life Rewards destinations. (PLEASE NOTE: The distinction between a Hyatt resort and a Hyatt hotel may not always be obvious and Members are encouraged to call Hyatt’s central reservation service for help determining a hotel’s or resort’s designation. Please visit hyatt.com for contact information.)
 
(g) Special Reservation Phone Line: Discoverists have access to a Hyatt reservation telephone line exclusively for use by Discoverists. Discoverists can find contact information for the dedicated reservation line by logging into their account.
 
(h) Bottled Water: Discoverists receive a complimentary bottle of water each day of their stay at participating Park Hyatt, Miraval, Grand Hyatt, Hyatt Regency, Hyatt, Andaz, Hyatt Centric, The Unbound Collection by Hyatt, Hyatt Place, Hyatt House, Hyatt Zilara, or Hyatt Ziva hotels and resorts. Select Hyatt hotels and resorts may (at the hotel’s or resort’s discretion) provide guests with a reusable water bottle and access to filtered water filling stations. Guests at such hotels and resorts may receive the complimentary bottled water available pursuant to this benefit by asking a front-desk Colleague at the applicable hotel or resort. This benefit is not offered at Hyatt Residence Club resorts, or M life Rewards destinations.
 
IV. Explorist Status
 
(a) Requirements To Earn Explorist Status: Members who, in the course of one (1) Calendar Year record a minimum of thirty (30) Tier-Qualifying Nights or earn fifty thousand (50,000) Base Points will receive Explorist status after meeting the minimum requirement through February of the second Calendar Year following qualification. Please allow approximately seven (7) business days from the checkout date of the stay during which you qualify for a new elite status to be applied to your membership.
 
(b) Bonus Points: When choosing points for a stay, Explorists will receive a twenty percent (20%) point bonus on the Base Points earned on the Eligible Rate and Eligible Incidental Charges incurred during such stay. When earning points on Eligible Non-Stay Charges incurred at participating outlets, Explorists will receive a twenty percent (20%) point bonus on such Eligible Non-Stay Charges. Point bonuses are awarded as Bonus Points, not Base Points, and do not count towards the Member’s elite status qualification. Point bonus is available for stays at all Hyatt hotels and resorts, and M life Rewards destinations.
 
(c) Best Room Available: Explorists will be offered the best room available at the time of check-in at Hyatt hotels and resorts, excluding suites and Club lounge-access rooms. The best room available will be determined by the applicable hotel or resort in its sole discretion and may vary from stay-to-stay. The “best room” may, but will not necessarily be, of a room type/category higher than that booked by the Member. Not valid at Hyatt Place, Hyatt House, or Hyatt Residence Club hotels and resorts, or M life Rewards destinations.
 
(d) 72-Hour Room Availability (Restrictions and Blackout Dates Apply): Explorists will be guaranteed a room at Hyatt hotels (subject to the exclusions detailed below) for their own personal use when making a paid reservation directly with Hyatt at least seventy-two (72) hours prior to arrival (local time for the applicable hotel) that is guaranteed with a valid credit card. All reservations are subject to hotel policies. This guarantee is only applicable when the hotel is otherwise entirely sold out (including all suites), is valid for one (1) standard guest room, and is subject to the applicable hotel’s reservation requirements (e.g., minimum length of stay, special packages, and meal plans). Rooms secured under this provision are only available at the Standard Rate. Negotiated rates or other group, promotional, or discounted rates do not apply and Free Night Awards may not be redeemed for a room secured pursuant to this benefit. This guarantee is not valid during any period of extraordinary room demand and is subject to blackout periods set out by each hotel. Contracted last-room-available rates do not apply to rooms secured under this provision. Guaranteed availability for Explorists is not valid at M life Rewards destinations, Hyatt Residence Club resorts, any Hyatt hotel with a casino or any Hyatt resort. (PLEASE NOTE: The distinction between a Hyatt resort and a Hyatt hotel may not always be obvious and Members are encouraged to call Hyatt’s central reservation service for help determining a hotel’s or resort’s designation. Please visit hyatt.com for contact information.)
 
(e) Special Reservation Phone Line : Explorists have access to a Hyatt reservation telephone line exclusively for use by Explorists. Explorists can find contact information for the dedicated reservation line by logging into their account.
 
(f) Cancellation: Effective January 1, 2018, reservations confirmed or changed by an Explorist can be canceled up to 24 hours before the hotel or resort check-in time when the hotel’s or resort’s cancellation period is not more than 48 hours. This cancellation benefit does not apply: (i) to reservations at Hyatt Residence Club, Miraval resorts, or M life Rewards destinations; (ii) where the rate is pre-paid and/or non-refundable; (iii) when the hotel’s or resort’s cancellation period is more than 48 hours; or (iv) for reservations booked at corporate negotiated or group contract rates. Eligibility for this benefit is based on tier status at the time of cancellation. The cancellation windows are based on the hotel’s time zone. Hotel or resort check-in time and standard cancellation period is disclosed at the time of booking.
 
(g) Additional Explorist Benefits: Explorists also receive the same late checkout, dedicated check-in area, complimentary premium in-room internet access, and daily bottled water benefits afforded to Discoverists, as described in more detail under the Discoverist Status section above.
 
V. Globalist Status
 
(a) Requirements To Earn Globalist Status: Members who, in the course of one (1) Calendar Year, record a minimum of sixty (60) Tier-Qualifying Nights or earn one hundred thousand (100,000) Base Points will receive Globalist status after meeting the minimum requirement through February of the second Calendar Year following qualification. Please allow approximately seven (7) business days from the checkout date of the stay during which you qualify for a new elite status to be applied to your membership.
 
Prior to January 1, 2019, a member who qualified for Globalist status (after March 1, 2017) by satisfying the minimum Tier-Qualifying Night or Base Point accrual standards had the opportunity to re-qualify for Globalist status for the following year by either recording a minimum of fifty-five (55) Tier-Qualifying Nights or by earning one hundred thousand (100,000) Base Points during the current Calendar Year. This benefit has been discontinued for new participants as of January 1, 2019. Members who earned (and retained eligibility for) this benefit prior to January 1, 2019, will have the opportunity to utilize this benefit for the 2019 Calendar Year earning period. However, this benefit will be discontinued entirely as of January 1, 2020. For the 2020 Calendar Year earning period and beyond, no Member will be able to requalify for Globalist status through the relaxed threshold described in this paragraph.
 
 
 
(b) Bonus Points: When choosing points for a stay, Globalists will receive a thirty percent (30%) point bonus on the Base Points earned on the Eligible Rate and Eligible Incidental Charges incurred during such stay. When earning points on Eligible Non-Stay Charges incurred at participating outlets, Globalists will receive a thirty percent (30%) point bonus on such Eligible Non-Stay Charges. Point bonuses are awarded as Bonus Points, not Base Points, and do not count towards the Member’s elite status qualification. Point bonus is available for stays at all Hyatt hotels and resorts, and M life Rewards destinations.
 
(c) Best Room Available: Globalists will receive the best room available at the time of check-in at Hyatt hotels and resorts, including Standard Suites and rooms with Club lounge-access. The best room available will be determined by the applicable hotel or resort in its sole discretion and may vary from stay-to-stay. The “best room” may, but will not necessarily be, of a room type/category higher than that booked by the Member. Best-room-available benefit includes only Standard Suites (where available), which are defined as rooms within each participating hotel’s or resort’s introductory suite category. Premium, Specialty, Premier, Presidential, Diplomatic, and other suites other than Standard Suites are not included in this benefit. Not valid at Hyatt Place, Hyatt House, or Hyatt Residence Club hotels and resorts or M life Rewards destinations.
 
(d) Club Lounge Access: When staying at a participating hotel or resort that has a Club lounge, Globalists will receive access to the Club lounge. When staying at a participating hotel or resort that does not have a Club lounge (or if Club lounge is closed), Globalists will receive daily complimentary full breakfast (which includes one entrée or standard breakfast buffet, juice, and coffee, as well as tax, gratuity and service charges) for each registered guest in the room, up to a maximum of two (2) adults and two (2) children. The age cut-off for a “child” is determined by each hotel or resort in its sole discretion. (For stays at the Hyatt Regency Bethesda, Globalists will instead be provided with daily continental breakfast (tax and gratuity included) for each registered guest in the room, up to a maximum of two (2) adults and two (2) children.) Breakfast benefit (where provided) is not valid for in-room dining. Not valid at Miraval, Hyatt Place, Hyatt House, Hyatt Residence Club hotels and resorts,  or M life Rewards destinations.
 
(e) 4:00 PM Late Checkout: Upon request, Globalists will receive a 4:00 PM late checkout (local hotel time) on day of their departure at Hyatt hotels, provided that (a) late checkout is subject to availability at hotels with a casino, and Hyatt resorts; and (b) late checkout is not offered at Hyatt Residence Club resorts or M life Rewards destinations. (PLEASE NOTE: The distinction between a Hyatt resort and a Hyatt hotel may not always be obvious and Members are encouraged to call Hyatt’s central reservation service for help determining a hotel’s or resort’s designation. Please visit hyatt.com for contact information.)
 
(f) Priority Room Availability: Should a Globalist attempt to check-in to a Hyatt hotel or resort at which (s)he has a reservation and should no rooms of the category reserved by the Member be immediately available, the Member will be offered the first room of that category that becomes available. The Member may alternatively be offered the option to exercise his or her Best Room Available benefit, should an eligible room above the category reserved by the Member be available. (In the event that a hotel or resort finds it necessary to apply this benefit to more than one (1) Globalist for the same room category on the same day, the Globalists will be prioritized based on when each Globalist requests to check-in.) This benefit is not available and may not be exercised before 9:00 a.m. local time at the applicable Hyatt hotel or resort. This benefit is not available at Hyatt Residence Club resorts, or M Life Rewards destinations.
 
(g) 48-Hour Room Availability (Restrictions and Blackout Dates Apply) : Globalists will be guaranteed a room at Hyatt hotels (subject to the exclusions detailed below) for their own personal use when making a paid reservation directly with Hyatt at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to arrival (local time for the applicable hotel) that is guaranteed with a valid credit card. All reservations are subject to hotel policies. This guarantee is only applicable when the hotel is otherwise entirely sold out (including all suites), is valid for one (1) standard guest room, and is subject to the applicable hotel’s reservation requirements (e.g., minimum length of stay, special packages and meal plans). Rooms secured under this provision are only available at the Standard Rate. Negotiated rates or other group, promotional, or discounted rates do not apply and Free Night Awards may not be redeemed for a room secured pursuant to this benefit. This guarantee is not valid during any period of extraordinary room demand and is subject to blackout periods set out by each hotel. Contracted last-room-available rates do not apply to rooms secured under this provision. Guaranteed availability for Globalists is not valid at M life Rewards destinations, Hyatt Residence Club resorts, any Hyatt hotel with a casino or any Hyatt resort.  (PLEASE NOTE: The distinction between a Hyatt resort and a Hyatt hotel may not always be obvious and Members are encouraged to call Hyatt’s central reservation service for help determining a hotel’s or resort’s designation. Please visit hyatt.com for contact information.)
 
(h) Waived Resort, Destination, or Facility Fees: Resort, destination, or facility fees, where charged by the applicable hotel or resort, will be waived for Globalists when paying an Eligible Rate. (As described in Appendix B, resort, destination, or facility fees are waived for all Members when staying on a Free Night Award.) This benefit is not valid at any Hyatt Residence Club resort, or M life Rewards destination. In some instances, a hotel or resort may charge other fees (such as a “service fee”) that are independent of any resort, destination, or facility fee charged by that hotel or resort. Any such fees will not be waived for Globalists pursuant to this benefit.
 
(i) Guest of Honor: If a Globalist gifts a Free Night Award to another party in accordance with these Terms, the recipient will be treated as a “Guest of Honor” at the applicable hotel or resort. This means that the recipient will receive all In-hotel Benefits that would have been provided to the Globalist, had (s)he redeemed the award him- or herself at the applicable hotel or resort. Gifting of an award is subject to the limitations and restrictions set forth in the Gifting an Award section of these Terms. Guest of Honor benefits are available only for gifted awards that are redeemed at a Park Hyatt, Miraval, Grand Hyatt, Hyatt Regency, Hyatt, Andaz, Hyatt Centric, The Unbound Collection by Hyatt, Hyatt Place, Hyatt House, Hyatt Ziva or Hyatt Zilara hotel or resort. Not valid at Hyatt Residence Club resorts or any M life Rewards destination. 
 
(j) Free Parking: Globalists receive free parking at participating Hyatt hotels or resorts for nights during which the Globalist stays on a Free Night Award. Free parking benefit is valid at Hyatt hotels or resorts that offer parking, provided that parking charges at such hotel or resort can be billed to the guest room/folio. Not valid at Hyatt Residence Club resorts, or M life Rewards destinations. If both are offered by the applicable hotel or resort, benefit is valid for either valet or self-parking. Benefit does not apply to any night for which Globalist is not staying on a Free Night Award (e.g., any paid night’s stay) or any non-stay award redemption (e.g., Dining, Spa, and More Awards).
 
(k) Special Reservation Phone Line: Globalists have access to a Hyatt reservation telephone line exclusively for use by Globalists. Members who have earned Globalist status by satisfying the Base Point accrual requirement or the Tier-Qualifying Night requirement (and have not received Globalist status through other means) will also have access to a dedicated agent, the My Hyatt Concierge. Globalists can find contact information for the dedicated reservation line or dedicated agent by logging into their account.
 
(l) Additional Globalist Benefits: Globalists also receive the same dedicated check-in area, complimentary premium in-room internet access, and daily bottled water benefits afforded to Discoverists, as described in more detail under the Discoverist Status section above, as well as the cancellation benefit as described in more detail under the Explorist Status section above.
 
VI. Lifetime Globalist Status
 
(a) Requirements To Earn Lifetime Globalist Status
 
1. Hyatt Gold Passport Lifetime Diamond Members. Members in good standing of the Hyatt Gold Passport program who  had “Lifetime Diamond” status received Lifetime Globalist status in the Program as of launch of the Program on March 1, 2017.
 
2. One Million Base Points. Members in good standing who earn at least one million (1,000,000) Base Points over the course of their Program membership will receive Globalist status for the remainder of that Member’s natural life or until the Program is terminated (or the Member’s membership is terminated) in accordance with these Terms, whichever occurs first. A Member’s lifetime point earning will carry over from the Hyatt Gold Passport program to the World of Hyatt Program, as long as the Member’s account remains active. Points that a Member earned under the Hyatt Gold Passport program by paying for eligible room rates, eligible incidental charges, or eligible non-stay charges will be considered Base Points for the purpose of calculating progress toward Lifetime Globalist status. Points earned or received by any other means under the Hyatt Gold Passport program (including any points awarded through point bonuses given to members with elite status, points provided to a member by Hyatt customer service, points earned through a Hyatt-branded Credit Card or by holding qualifying meetings or events, points that were purchased or received by transfer or gift, and points earned through a promotional offer) will not be considered Base Points. Please allow approximately seven (7) business days from the checkout date of the stay or the completion of the transaction through which you surpass the one-million-Base Point threshold for Lifetime Globalist status to be applied to your membership.
 
(b) Benefits. Members with Lifetime Globalist status (each a “Lifetime Globalist”) will receive all of the benefits of Globalist status, as set forth in the “Globalist Status” section above. In addition, Lifetime Globalists will receive the following awards and benefits described in Appendix B without the need to satisfy a minimum annual Base Point earning or Tier-Qualifying Night threshold:
 
(i) Four (4) Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards annually;
(ii) One (1) Category 1-7 Free Night Award annually; and
(iii) Access to a dedicated My Hyatt Concierge agent.
 
A Lifetime Globalist will receive his or her four (4) Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards and one (1) Category 1-7 Free Night Award each year on or around March 1st (or whenever Hyatt processes elite membership status renewals and changes for the preceding year). (In the Calendar Year when a Member satisfies the one million Base Point requirement and becomes new Lifetime Globalist, that Member will instead receive his or her four (4) Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards and one (1) Category 1-7 Free Night Award at the time (s)he becomes Lifetime Globalist.) If a Lifetime Globalist completes fifty (50) Tier-Qualifying Nights or earns eighty thousand (80,000) Base Points in a Calendar Year, (s)he will earn two (2) additional Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards for that year. If a Lifetime Globalist completes sixty (60) Tier-Qualifying Nights or earns one hundred thousand (100,000) Base Points in a Calendar Year, (s)he will earn a second Category 1-7 Free Night Award and another two (2) Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards for that year.
 
(c) Changes & Transition. Hyatt retains the right to modify or terminate the Program as described elsewhere in these Terms and nothing in this section restricts or limits Hyatt’s ability to exercise those rights. Without limiting those rights, in the event that Hyatt modifies the Program or transitions to a successor loyalty program in such a way that the Globalist tier is eliminated, Hyatt may (in its sole discretion) elect to transfer Lifetime Globalists into a comparable elite tier in the modified Program or successor loyalty program.
    






    

     {{ !expanded ? '+' : '-' }} Appendix D - MGM Resorts International Relationship
    
        MGM Resorts International Relationship

Table of Contents:
I. Introduction
II. Participating M life Rewards Destinations
III. Earning Credit at Participating M life Rewards Destinations Toward Elite Status in the Program
IV. Earning Program Points at Participating M life Rewards Destinations
V. Earning M life Rewards Tier Credits When Staying at a Hyatt Hotel or Resort
VI. Requesting Retroactive Credit
VII. Redeeming Program Awards for Accommodations at M life Rewards Destinations
VIII. Program Benefits and Services at Participating M life Rewards Destinations
IX. Tier Reciprocity
 
I. Introduction
 
When staying on a qualifying night at a participating M life Rewards destination (defined below), Members may earn points and credit towards elite status in the Program, as well as points for eligible incidental spend. To receive credit or points during a stay, the Member must be staying at a participating M life Rewards destination as the registered guest and must be both a World of Hyatt Program member and a member of the M life Rewards program. Membership in the Program and M life Rewards are each complimentary. To join M life Rewards, visit www.mlife.com.
 
II. Participating M life Rewards Destinations
 
Members may earn points and Tier-Qualifying Nights in the Program only at the MGM Resorts International (“MGM”) properties listed below (collectively the “M life Rewards destinations”).  Other resorts owned, operated, or licensed by MGM or participating in M life Rewards are not eligible.
 

Bellagio
Aria
Vdara
MGM Grand Las Vegas
The Signature at MGM Grand
Mandalay Bay
Delano Las Vegas
The Mirage
Monte Carlo
New York-New York
Luxor
Excalibur

 
III. Earning Credit at Participating M life Rewards Destinations Toward Elite Status in the Program.
 
An “M life-Eligible Night” is any night stayed at an M life Rewards destination where (i) payment is made directly to MGM or the applicable M life Rewards destination (including reservations booked through mlife.com or mgmresorts.com), (ii) the reservation is booked through hyatt.com (subject to the exclusions below), or (iii) the reservation is booked through Hyatt’s central reservation service (subject to the exclusions below). Any night other than as described above will not be considered an M life-Eligible Night, including, without limitation, any nights booked under one of the following booking types or rates: M life Rewards destination complimentary room nights, master account/posting master group bookings, rooms booked on third-party online retailers (such as Expedia.com, Travelocity.com, Hotels.com, Booking.com, Priceline.com, Tripadvisor.com, Inspirato.com, or any other third-party online/mobile travel portal or bookings made directly on Google.com and TripAdvisor Instant Book), traditional wholesale rates (examples include, without limitation, GOGO Worldwide Vacations, Pleasant Holidays, Tourico, and Hotelbeds), airline crew rates, airline employee rates, travel agency employee rates, media rates, Hyatt employee discount rates, airline interrupted-trip vouchers, or contracted rooms. (A “contracted room” is a room that has been reserved pursuant to a written and executed agreement between a hotel or resort and a corporation, government agency, or individual for a negotiated room rate in exchange for an agreed upon number of rooms to be rented for an extended period of time.)  For any stay at an M life Rewards destination of fifteen (15) or more nights, no night of such stay will qualify as an M life-Eligible Night, even if such night otherwise meets the requirements described above.
When staying as a registered guest at an M life Rewards destination, a Member will earn one (1) Tier-Qualifying Night for each M life-Eligible Night. Members must provide both their Program and M life Rewards membership numbers at the time of check-in (or request retroactive credit as set forth in Section VI below). Members will only receive credit in the Program for M life-Eligible Nights after the Member has checked out of the applicable M life Rewards destination. M life Rewards Tier Credits earned in the M life Rewards program do not qualify toward elite status within the Program and progress earned towards elite status in the Program does not qualify toward elite status within the M life Rewards program.
 
 
IV. Earning Program Points at Participating M life Rewards Destinations
 
(a) Qualifying Expenditures. “M life-Eligible Room Spend” means the room rate charged to a Member for any M life-Eligible Night. “M life-Eligible Incidental Spend” means any incidental charges charged directly to the Member’s room/guest folio during a stay at an M life Rewards destination. Casino charges, taxes, gratuities, and charges at any retail location within an M Life Rewards destination are not M life-Eligible Incidental Spend and will not be eligible to earn points under any circumstances. Members may receive points on M life-Eligible Incidental Spend, regardless of whether their stay at the M life Rewards destination satisfies the definition of an M life-Eligible Night. Members may only earn points on a maximum of $5,000 of M life-Eligible Incidental Spend, in addition to points earned on any M life-Eligible Room Spend. M life-Eligible Room Spend and M life-Eligible Incidental Spend are referred to collectively in these Terms as “M life-Eligible Spend.”
(b) Points Earned. Members may earn points on M life-Eligible Spend at participating M life Rewards destination. Members must provide both their Program and M life Rewards membership numbers at the time of check-in (or request retroactive credit as set forth in Section VI below). If a Member chooses to receive points in the Program, such Member will earn five (5) Base Points for each whole U.S. dollar or U.S. dollar equivalent of M life-Eligible Spend spent by the Member. Member must be a registered guest at the time the M life-Eligible Spend charges are incurred, unless otherwise specifically stated as part of a promotion or special offer. Discoverists, Explorists, and Globalists who choose to receive points for an M life-Eligible Night will also receive their respective Program point bonuses. In order for a Member to receive points, the bill for the M life-Eligible Spend charges must be in that Member’s name and the Member must personally pay for all charges (i.e., the charges must be paid by the Member in cash, using a payment device for which the Member is the named account holder or an authorized signatory, or billed back to Member’s company or organization for payment and not settled to a master account/posting master). Members will only receive points for qualifying charges after the Member has checked out of the applicable M life Rewards destination.
(c) Multiple Rooms. A Member may earn points for up to three (3) rooms per night (Member’s room and two (2) additional rooms) within the same M life Rewards destination. The Member must be a registered guest, occupy at least one of the rooms, and, to earn points, each room must otherwise satisfy the definition of M life-Eligible Night set forth above. The Member will earn Base Points for M life-Eligible Spend on each of the rooms (subject to the $5,000 maximum on M life-Eligible Incidental Spend), but the Member will only earn a Tier-Qualifying Night(s) for one (1) room. The occupant(s) of the additional room(s) will not receive points or M life Rewards Tier Credits.
(d) No Qualifying Events. Meetings and/or events booked and held at M life Rewards destination are not Qualifying Events pursuant to Appendix E and are not eligible to earn Bonus Points or credit towards elite status in the Program.

V. Earning M life Rewards Tier Credits When Staying at a Hyatt Hotel or Resort
When paying an Eligible Rate for a night at a Park Hyatt, Miraval, Grand Hyatt, Hyatt Regency, Hyatt, Andaz, Hyatt Centric, The Unbound Collection by Hyatt, Hyatt Place, Hyatt House, Hyatt Ziva, or Hyatt Zilara hotel or resort, Members who are also a member of M life Rewards program can  in lieu of earning points or Partner Loyalty Points  elect to earn “M life Rewards Tier Credits” in the M life Rewards program. Members staying at Grand Hyatt Macau, or at a Hyatt Residence Club resort may not earn M life Rewards Tier Credits for a stay. M life Rewards Tier Credits are not Partner Loyalty Points as defined in Appendix A to these Terms. Points earned in the Program are not eligible for conversion into M life Rewards Tier Credits. 

VI. Requesting Retroactive Credit
 
If a Member is not properly credited points or credit for an M life-Eligible Night, the Member may claim a retroactive adjustment within one (1) year of the checkout date by contacting M life Rewards Member Services at memberservices@mgmresorts.com or by calling (866) 761-7111 and providing his or her full name, home address, M life Rewards and Program membership numbers, as well as identifying the M life Rewards destination visited and the dates of the applicable stay. Any night stayed at an M life Rewards destination prior to enrollment in both the Program and the M life Rewards program is not eligible to receive retroactive points/credit in the Program.
 
If an M life Rewards member is not properly credited M life Rewards Tier Credits for a stay at a Hyatt hotel or resort, the member may claim an adjustment within one (1) year of the checkout date by completing a past stay credit request (available by logging into your World of Hyatt account) or contacting Hyatt’s central reservation service. (Please see hyatt.com for contact information.)
 
VII. Redeeming Program Awards for Accommodations at M life Rewards Destinations
 
 Members may redeem points for a standard-room Free Night Award at an M life Rewards destination by visiting world.hyatt.com or by contacting Hyatt’s central reservation service. (Please see hyatt.com for contact information.) Free Night Awards may not be booked through MGM, an M life Rewards destination, or any other non-Hyatt channel. Room inventory available for Free Night Award redemption at participating M life Rewards destinations may be limited and, for Free Night Awards, blackout dates may apply. Resort fees, where charged by the applicable M life Rewards destination, apply to all Free Night Awards at participating M life Rewards destinations. Resort fee values and resort fee inclusions may vary by M life Rewards destination. Resort fee inclusions may be found on the resort’s page on Hyatt.com or by calling the M life Rewards destination directly. Free Night Awards redeemed for accommodations at M life Rewards destination are subject to all terms applicable to Award Reservations and standard-room Free Night Awards, respectively, all as set forth in Appendix B to these Terms. 
 
VIII. Program Benefits and Services at Participating M life Rewards Destinations
In-hotel Benefits offered to Members staying at Hyatt hotels and resorts are not offered when a Member stays at an M life Rewards destination.

IX. Tier Reciprocity

(a) M life Rewards Reciprocity for Members. Members may receive a reciprocal M life Rewards membership tier by visiting hyatt.com/mlife and following the instructions described on that page.  A reciprocal M life Rewards membership tier may only be provided as specified above and may not be provided through other Hyatt or M life Rewards channels. All M life Rewards terms and conditions, available at mlife.com, apply to participation in the M life Rewards program. Once a Member receives the reciprocal M life Rewards status, reciprocal status will expire as set forth in the M life Rewards terms and conditions and the Member must then submit a new reciprocity request in order to continue to receive reciprocal M life Rewards status.
 
The following table illustrates the reciprocal M life Rewards membership tier offered to Members:
 

World of Hyatt Membership Tier
Reciprocal M life Rewards Membership Tier
Globalist
Gold Membership
Explorist 
Gold Membership
Discoverist 
Pearl Membership
Membership
Sapphire Membership
(b) Program Reciprocity for M life Rewards Members. M life Rewards members may receive a reciprocal Program membership tier by visiting https://www.mlife.com/en/overview/preferred-partners.html and following the instructions described on that page. A reciprocal Program membership tier may only be provided as described above and may not be provided through other Hyatt or M life channels. Reciprocal Program status will be valid for at least one calendar year.
 
The following table illustrates the reciprocal Program tier offered to M life Rewards members:
 

M life Rewards Membership Tier
Reciprocal World of Hyatt Membership Tier
NOIR Membership 
Explorist
Platinum Membership
Explorist
Gold Membership
Explorist
Pearl Membership
Discoverist
Sapphire Membership 
Membership

    






    

     {{ !expanded ? '+' : '-' }} Appendix E - Meetings and Events
    
        Meetings & Events
 
The Program offers benefits and awards to Members who plan meetings or other events at a participating Hyatt hotel or resort. Individual World of Hyatt Members in good standing who plan qualifying meetings or events or otherwise participate in the benefits set out in this Appendix E are each referred to as an “Individual Planner.” Companies and other entities (each a “Company”) may enroll in the Program and participate only in a limited capacity as expressly set forth below. The benefits described in this Appendix E are not offered at Hyatt Residence Club resorts or M life Rewards destinations and no meeting or event held at any such location will constitute a Qualifying Event (defined below). All participation by Company and Individual Planners is governed by the complete Program Terms (available at worldofhyatt.com/terms), of which this Appendix E is a part.
 
I. Company Accounts
 
A Company may participate in the Program only in the limited capacity permitted under this Appendix E, as more fully detailed below. To participate, Company must enroll in the Program under the name of Company (not any individual Company representative) (a “Company Account”). To enroll in the Program and open a Company Account, an authorized representative of Company may contact Hyatt’s central reservation service. An authorized representative of Company may alternatively request that a Hyatt Colleague enroll Company in the Program when planning an event.
 
Company Accounts must designate a minimum of one (1) and a maximum of three (3) account “Administrators.” If Company is a legal entity, each Administrator must be a Company representative who is authorized to legally bind the Company. Administrators will be responsible for management of the Company Account and for redeeming awards as permitted under these Terms. Only an Administrator may take action on behalf of the Company Account and Hyatt may, in its sole discretion, refuse to act on instructions from any purported representative of Company other than an expressly designated Administrator. Hyatt may act in response to instructions received from any Administrator and is not responsible for any dispute between or among Administrators or otherwise related to the Company Account, including with regard to the use of any points.
 
Company Accounts will be considered a “Member” of the Program (subject to the full Program Terms), but may participate in the Program in only the following limited ways:
 
(a) Earning Bonus Points for holding a Qualifying Event (as described in Section II below); and
 
(b) Redeeming points for Free Night Awards, Room Upgrade Awards, or Points + Cash Awards (as each of those terms is defined in Appendix B of the Program Terms) or Future Meeting Credits (defined below).
 
Except as expressly set forth above, Company and Company Accounts may not otherwise participate in the Program. This means that Company and Company Accounts may not, for example, earn points in any manner other than through planning Qualifying Events, earn Partner Loyalty Points or M life Tier Credits, convert points or redeem points for any type of award not specifically listed here (e.g., Dining, Spa and More awards or Avis Rent-A-Car free day awards), receive promotional awards or membership benefits, or achieve elite status.
 
II. Earning Bonus Points as a Company or Individual Planner
 
(a) All Points Are Bonus Points: All points that can be earned through Qualifying Events as described under this Appendix E are Bonus Points.
 
(b) Qualifying Events: Members may earn Bonus Points by holding or planning either of the following types of event at a participating Hyatt hotel or resort:
 
(i) a meeting, conference, gathering, or other event that includes occupation of no fewer than ten (10) paid guest rooms for the same night (or multiple nights) (“Qualifying Meeting”). For a Qualifying Meeting, guest rooms may be billed to a group master account/posting master or may be paid for by the occupying guest (i.e., designated “Individual Pays Own”), provided that the guest rooms are associated with the room block for the Qualifying Event.
 
(ii) a meeting, conference, gathering, or other event that does not satisfy the guest-room minimum required for a Qualifying Meeting, but does include the rental of a meeting room or event space and/or the purchase of catered or banqueted food or beverage from the Hyatt hotel or resort at which the event is held (“Qualifying Catered Event”). (Qualifying Meetings and Qualifying Catered Events are referred to collectively in these Terms as “Qualifying Events.”) At Hyatt hotels and resorts in Asia, personal catering/banqueting events not related to a business meeting or event organized by a business or other entity (as determined by Hyatt in its sole discretion) will not be considered a “Qualifying Catered Event” and are not eligible to earn Bonus Points.
 
(c) Must Associate Account with Each Qualifying Event:
 
(i) Individual Planners. To receive the benefits described in this Appendix E, an Individual Planner must associate his or her Program membership number with the Qualifying Event prior to execution of each applicable Sales or Catering/Banqueting Contract. Remember, you must be a Member before you can be an Individual Planner.  Hyatt will not retroactively credit an individual for a meeting or event booked or held prior to that person becoming an Individual Planner or booked without indicating that (s)he wishes to associate his or her Program membership number with the meeting or event in order to receive the benefits described under this Appendix E. An Individual Planner does not need to actually attend the Qualifying Event(s) in order to receive the benefits described under this Appendix E. If you participate in the Program as an Individual Planner when planning a Qualifying Event on behalf of your employer or another third party, you represent that (A) you have informed such party that you may personally receive Program benefits, including Bonus Points, as a result of planning the Qualifying Event and received the third party’s consent and (B) your participation as an Individual Planner does not violate any policy of your employer to which you are subject.
 
(ii) Companies. To earn Bonus Points, a Company must host a Qualifying Event and be a party to the applicable Sales or Catering/Banqueting Contract. The Company must have a Company Account and associate it with the Qualifying Event or its authorized representative must expressly request that Company be enrolled in the Program prior to executing the Sales or Catering/Banqueting Contract for the applicable event.  Hyatt will not retroactively credit any Company for a previously booked or held meeting or event that would otherwise have qualified as a Qualifying Event, including in the event that Company did not enroll in the Program prior to or in conjunction with the execution of the applicable Sales or Catering/Banqueting Contract.
 
(d) Bonus Points for Eligible Event Charges; Limitations: 
 
(i) Eligible Event Charges: “Eligible Event Charges” are any charges for services provided in conjunction with a Qualifying Event where such services are managed by the Hyatt hotel or resort at which the Qualifying Event is held. Eligible Event Charges may include event room rental charges and catered food and beverage charges. For a Qualifying Meeting, Eligible Event Charges also include guest room rental charges (other than incidental charges).  (For a Qualifying Catered Event, no guest room-related charges will be considered Eligible Event Charges.) Eligible Event Charges exclude taxes, gratuity, service charges, and incidentals charged to any guest room associated with a Qualifying Event. Eligible Event Charges also exclude any third-party charges incurred with or through any third-party vendor or supplier (e.g., programming or entertainment services, photographic or audio-visual services, floral or other decorating services, and linen or other equipment rental), even if the services provided by such third parties are recommended or facilitated by Hyatt and even if such third-party vendor or supplier charges are identified in the Sales or Catering/Banqueting Contract or included in the master account/posting master bill for the applicable Qualifying Event.
 
(ii) Bonus Point Earning; Per-Event Maximum: Earn one (1) Bonus Point for each U.S. dollar or U.S. dollar equivalent actualized for Eligible Event Charges once the Sales or Banqueting/Catering Contract for the applicable Qualifying Event has been paid in full.  Either or both a Company and the Individual Planner(s) associated with a Qualifying Event (if any) may earn Bonus Points for that Qualifying Event. A maximum of three (3) parties (i.e., any combination of Individual Planners or Companies) may be associated with and earn Bonus Points for a Qualifying Event.  There is a maximum of fifty thousand (50,000) Bonus Points available for each Qualifying Event, regardless of the number of Individual Planner(s) or Companies associated with the Qualifying Event. For purposes of this maximum Bonus Point earning restriction, multiple Qualifying Events that are held by the same party (or related parties, as determined by Hyatt in its sole discretion) on the same date(s) at the same hotel or resort will be considered a single Qualifying Event and associated Companies and/or Individual Planners may collectively earn up to a maximum of 50,000 total Bonus Points for such Qualifying Event. Bonus Points will be credited to the Company or Individual Planner’s World of Hyatt account after the Qualifying Event has been held and fully paid for in accordance with the Sales or Catering/Banqueting Contract. Bonus Points for a Qualifying Event may be split among all associated Individual Planners and Companies, as agreed to by the Companies and/or Individual Planners, subject to the 50,000 Bonus Point per Qualifying Event maximum described above. In the event that each Company and/or Individual Planner associated with a Qualifying Event cannot agree as to how the Bonus Points for such Qualifying Event are to be divided among them, Hyatt may elect to apportion Bonus Points between any or all associated Individual Planners and Companies (where applicable) in its sole discretion and Hyatt will not otherwise get involved with any disputes among Companies and/or Individual Planners. 
 
(iii) Guest Rooms Billed to Master Account/Posting Master: No guest (including Individual Planners or attendees of a Qualifying Event) will earn points of any kind for any Eligible Rate or Eligible Incidental Charge associated with his or her guest room, if the bill for such room is paid through a master account/posting master.
 
(iv) Multi-Day Events & Room Minimum: As described above, a Qualifying Meeting requires that a minimum of ten (10) paid guest rooms associated with the event be occupied on any given night. If the number of paid guest rooms falls below ten (10) for any given night, the event will not count as a Qualifying Meeting for that date and any guest room charges incurred on or attributable to that date will not be considered Eligible Event Charges for which the Company and/or Individual Planner would be eligible to receive Bonus Points. However, for days on which a multi-day event does not meet the requirements of a Qualifying Meeting, it may still qualify as a Qualifying Catered Event and incur Eligible Event Charges not related to guest room rental.
 
(v) No Percentage Bonus for Individual Planners with Elite Status: Bonus Points earned under this Appendix E are not eligible for the percentage point bonuses that Members with elite status receive on some other point-earning events. Individual Planners who have elite status in the Program will not receive a percentage point bonus on any Bonus Points earned by planning a Qualifying Event as set forth under this Appendix E.   
 
III. Individual Planners: Earning Elite Status
 
Individual Planners who, in the course of one (1) Calendar Year (i.e., January through December), record a minimum number of Qualifying Meetings with which the Individual Planner has associated his or her membership number (prior to the execution of the Sales or Catering/Banqueting Contract for the applicable Qualifying Meeting) will receive elite status in the Program, as follows: 
 

Tier 
Number of Qualifying Meetings in a Calendar Year
Discoverist
3
Explorist
10
Globalist
20

 
A Qualifying Meeting is counted for purposes of this calculation upon the latter of (i) the date on which the Qualifying Meeting actually occurs or (ii) the date on which the Qualifying Meeting is fully paid in accordance with the applicable Sales or Catering/Banqueting Contract. Please note that only Qualifying Meetings, and not Qualifying Catered Events, will count towards an Individual Planner’s qualification for elite status. An Individual Planner may earn Bonus Points for Eligible Event Charges incurred as part of a Qualifying Catered Event, but will not earn credit towards elite status for such an event. 
 
For multi-day events, if at least one (1) day of the event satisfies the requirements of a Qualifying Meeting, then all days of the event will be counted towards an Individual Planner’s qualification for elite status as one (1) single Qualifying Meeting. In no case will a single multi-day event count as more than one Qualifying Meeting for the purposes of this section.
 
IV. Redeeming Points for Future Meeting Credits: 
 
In addition to the other awards described elsewhere in these Terms, Members may elect to redeem points for credit towards charges for a future meeting or banqueted/catered event (“Future Meeting Credit”). To redeem points for a Future Meeting Credit, Members must call Hyatt’s central reservation service. (Please see hyatt.com for contact information.) Points may be redeemed for Future Meeting Credit(s) in accordance with the following award chart:
 

Future Meeting Credit
Points Required
$200 USD credit
15,000 points

$400 USD credit
30,000 points
$600 USD credit
45,000 points
$800 USD credit
60,000 points
$1,000 USD Credit
75,000 points

 
When a Member redeems a Future Meeting Credit award, the corresponding number of points for that award will be automatically deducted from Member’s account within three (3) days of redemption. Future Meetings Credits may only be redeemed for a scheduled event and must be redeemed before the bill for such event has been fully paid. Future Meeting Credit(s) will be credited to the bill for the master account/posting master for the event on the day of departure. Any remaining amounts owed for the event after the Future Meeting Credit is applied are the responsibility of the party who contracted for the event. Bonus Points earned for a Qualifying Event may not be redeemed for a Future Meeting Credit towards that same Qualifying Event. In the event that the total amount of any Future Meeting Credit(s) redeemed exceeds the total amount of the master account/posting master bill for the applicable event, the remaining Future Meeting Credit will be forfeited; no cash or credit will be given for any such unused portion of a Future Meeting Credit. Future Meeting Credits may not be used as a deposit for an event. Future Meeting Credits may only be used as a credit toward a final bill, or, for fully pre-paid events, towards the final payment.
    








     {{ !expanded ? '+' : '-' }} Member Frequently Asked Questions
    
        1. How long are the Club lounge access awards valid?
 
Club Lounge access awards are valid through the end of the calendar year in which the awards are earned, plus 14 months. The awards are valid in connection with reservations with a checkout date by the expiration of the award. Awards not redeemed prior to the expiration date of the award will be forfeited.
 
2. How long are the Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards valid?
 
Complimentary Suite Upgrade Awards are valid through the end of the calendar year in which the awards are earned, plus 14 months. The awards are valid in connection with reservations with a checkout date by the expiration of the award. Awards not redeemed prior to the expiration date of the award will be forfeited.
 
3. If I have Explorist or Globalist status, am I still eligible to earn the Milestone Rewards as I achieve the qualifications in 2019?
 
Yes, unless you qualify (or re-qualify) for Explorist or Globalist status in January or February 2019 and thus have already been awarded certain benefits in 2019 by the time Milestone Rewards start on March 1, 2019. In that case, those benefits will not be granted again 2019. See the additional FAQ on this page for more detail.
 
4. Certain Milestone Rewards allow me to choose from among several different benefit options. When I reach these milestones, how do I secure my Milestone Reward?
 
Upon completing the qualifying activity for such a Milestone Reward, you will receive an email to the email address on your member account alerting you to choose which benefit you would like to receive. You will be required to click through the email to be taken to your account page on Hyatt.com to make your selection. You have 90 days from date of achievement to make the selection. You must have a valid email address on your member account to get any such award.
 
5. For Milestone Rewards that allow me to choose from among available benefits, if I change my mind after selecting a benefit, will I be able to change my choice?
 
Once a member selects a benefit, the member cannot elect to change the benefit selection.
 
6. If I choose to save 10,000 points on a FIND experience as my benefit after staying 40 Tier-Qualifying Nights or earning 65,000 Base Points in a calendar year, how do I redeem this reward? How long is the reward valid?
 
After making your award selection, you will receive an email to the email address on your member account. The email will include a single-use offer code redeemable within six months of issuance for a one-time discount of 10,000 points off of any FIND experience booked using points through experiences.worldofhyatt.com. Offer code must be redeemed for a FIND experience that will be completed prior to the offer code’s expiration date. You must have a valid email address on your member account to get this award.
 
7. If I choose the Hyatt eGift card for my benefit after staying 40 Tier-Qualifying Nights or earning 65,000 Base Points in a calendar year, when will I receive the gift card? How long is the Hyatt gift card valid? Where is the Hyatt gift card valid?
 
After making your award selection, you will receive an email to the email address on your member account, which will include the Hyatt eGift card details. The Hyatt eGift card does not expire or carry any fees. Hyatt eGift cards are good toward the purchase of room stays, dining, spa services and more at participating locations. The Hyatt eGift card can be redeemed at participating Hyatt hotels in most countries in the Americas, including the Caribbean. A list of participating locations can be viewed here. Further information can be found in the Hyatt Gift Card FAQs. You must have a valid email address on your member account to get this award.
 
8. Are Hyatt eGift Cards transferable?
 
Yes. A recipient can pass the Hyatt eGift Cards on to a friend, relative, associate, etc. to use.
 
9. Do I receive World of Hyatt points when I redeem Hyatt eGift Cards?
 
To earn Base Points and Bonus Points on eligible purchases when redeeming a Hyatt eGift card, you must be a registered guest.