row

row


  


        

            
                
                    
                
                IHG Rewards Club Membership Terms and Conditions
                
        
                    
             
        
        
    
            
                
                    
                    
General Terms
Terms Relating to IHG Rewards Club Points
Privacy Statement
Membership Levels
Member Benefits
Reward Nights
IHG Rewards Club PointBreaks
IHG Rewards Club “Points & Cash”
Other Rewards
Loyalty Program Alliances
InterContinental Ambassador Terms & Conditions
Dining Rewards
IHG Business Rewards Terms and Conditions (excluding Greater China  Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan)
IHG Business Rewards Terms and Conditions (Greater China  Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan)
        
             
        
        
    
            
                
                    
                    The IHG Rewards Club program (“Program”), which includes InterContinental Ambassador and IHG Business Rewards, is a loyalty program offered by Six Continents Hotels, Inc. (“SCH”) and its subsidiaries and affiliates, all of which are InterContinental Hotels Group companies (collectively, “IHG”). By participating in this Program, you agree to these terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”).  These Terms and Conditions describe the Program and some of the benefits offered to IHG Rewards Club members (“Members” or “you”).  Terms specific to the InterContinental Ambassador program, a loyalty program specific to hotels within the InterContinental brand, and to the IHG Business Rewards program, a loyalty program that offers benefits for corporate travel bookers, can be found in later sections of these Terms and Conditions.
 

        
                    
             
        
        
    
            
                
                    
                    General Terms

Enrollment: New Members may enroll in the Program by completing the required information on the Program website or through IHG branded hotels or other channels authorized by SCH.  By enrolling in the Program and using your membership account, you will be eligible for benefits as described below and to earn IHG Rewards Club Points (“Points”), which can be redeemed for Reward Nights (as defined below) and various merchandise.  
Hotel brands currently participating in the Program include Regent Hotels and Resorts, InterContinental, HUALUXE Hotels & Resorts, Crowne Plaza, Hotel Indigo, EVEN Hotels, Holiday Inn, Holiday Inn Express, Holiday Inn Resort, Holiday Inn Club Vacations, Staybridge Suites, and Candlewood Suites (collectively, “IHG Hotels”). The Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants loyalty program, Kimpton Karma, will become part of IHG Rewards Club in early 2018. Additional information about the Karma program’s integration into IHG Rewards Club is available here. Brands participating in the Program may be added or deleted at the sole discretion of SCH.
There is no fee to join IHG Rewards Club, but all Members must supply valid contact information and update such contact information as necessary. In the event communication with a Member is necessary, SCH will rely on the Member’s contact information on file for such communications. SCH has the right to terminate an account and/or revoke Member Points if it determines, in its sole discretion, that an account has multiple email addresses and/or is suspected of being related to fraudulent or abusive activity.  SCH reserves the right to terminate the accounts and/or revoke Points for Members without valid contact information.
By participating in the Program and taking advantage of its benefits, you agree:
to maintain and use only one IHG Rewards Club account at any time;
to be the only individual using your membership in the Program (i.e., not sharing your account with anyone unless expressly permitted by SCH);  
that you have provided valid contact information; 
that your name as shown on your Program account matches your legal identification; 
that you only have one email address for the account; 
that you have read and understand these Terms and Conditions;
that you are at least 18 years of age or the age of majority in your state or province of residence, whichever is older; and
that you have not enrolled as a company and/or other entity, as only individuals are permitted to enroll in the Program.
If you choose to terminate your membership, you should contact the IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre.
SCH RESERVES THE RIGHT, in its sole discretion, to modify, alter, or otherwise update the Membership Terms and Conditions for the Program, and/or to modify, suspend, or cancel the Program at any time, even though such changes may affect the value of rewards or Points already accumulated. You should check the last updated date in the footer of these Terms and Conditions for notice of changes to them or to the Program. If the footer indicates that the Terms and Conditions, or the Program itself, have changed, you should review the changes carefully.  By choosing to remain a Program Member after SCH has posted notice of such modifications or updates, and after you have had provided an opportunity to review the revised Terms and Conditions or Program information, you agree to be bound by such revised Terms and Conditions or to be a part of the Program as revised. The current Program Membership Terms and Conditions supersede all prior published Program Membership Terms and Conditions.
Our right to cancel your membership, and to revoke or adjust Point deposits. SCH has the right to cancel any individual’s Program membership, and to revoke any and all unredeemed Points and/or benefits or rewards collected, for reasons that include, but are not limited to: 
Member’s violation of these Terms and Conditions;

Member’s misrepresentation of any information or any misuse of this Program;

Member’s violation of any national, regional, or local law or regulation in connection with the use of membership privileges;

Member’s failure to provide and maintain valid contact information;

Member’s failure to pay for hotel charges and/or any expenses incurred during a Member’s Stay, including if such failure to pay is the result of a Member’s check being returned for insufficient funds or being invalid for any reason;

Member’s commission of fraud or abuse involving any portion of this Program, including but not limited to the abuse of corporate rates without authorization (as demonstrated by, for example, appropriate identification or validation at check-in), any conduct that improperly impacts the accumulation of Points or rewards, or abuses the redemption aspects of the Program (including the use of “bots” or other automated means of promotion entry);
Member maintaining more than one active account; 
Member’s physical, verbal, or written abuse or harassment of hotel personnel or SCH personnel; 
abuse/misuse of any benefits or privileges provided by SCH and/or any IHG branded hotels, or use of such benefits or privileges in violation of the applicable terms and conditions for them, including but not limited to the sale or barter of any Points or Point vouchers or Reward Nights; or 
Member taking any other action or engaging in any other activities that are to the detriment of the Program, SCH, or an IHG branded hotel; all as may be determined by SCH in its sole discretion.  
If SCH cancels your membership, the cancellation will be effective immediately, by notice to you, to the contact information provided by you.  SCH will not be responsible for failure to notify any Member of cancellation of the Member’s account if the Member has not provided SCH with valid contact information.
If membership is terminated either by Member or SCH, the Member will lose all Points, Point vouchers, Reward Nights, and benefits associated with the membership, and the Member will no longer be able to earn or redeem Points under this Program.  If membership has been terminated by SCH for one of the reasons permitted in these Terms and Conditions, SCH reserves the right to not permit the Member to re-enroll. 
SCH may withdraw Points from a Member’s account if they were deposited into the Member’s account in error, and may revoke all Points in a Member’s account if the Member abuses the Program, including but not limited to abuse of the Point redemption process.
In addition to the consequences set forth above,
Program violations (including but not limited to the sale or use of Elite status benefits for commercial gain), suspected fraud, or abuse in relation to promotions, Point or mileage credit or reward usage is subject to appropriate administrative and/or legal action by appropriate governmental authorities and by SCH, including, without limitation, freezing your account, the forfeiture of all Point transfers, rewards, vouchers, or merchandise issued pursuant to Point redemptions, and any accrued Points or miles in your account, as well as cancellation of the account and your future participation in the Program.

Some employers, by policy, may prohibit or restrict employee participation in the Program.  Some countries’ laws may also prohibit participation in the Program or some aspects of the Program. Members are solely responsible for complying with their employers’ policies and applicable laws. SCH assumes no responsibility or liability for Members’ lack of compliance with such policies or laws.
Arbitration. Except with respect to any claim or dispute involving the ownership, validity, or use of any SCH trademarks or service marks, any dispute arising out of or related to the Program Terms (including any claim that the Program Terms are invalid, illegal, or otherwise voidable or void), seeking as relief money damages or Points and/or attorneys’ fees or other damages will be submitted for arbitration to the American Arbitration Association (AAA). SCH shall have the right in a proper case to obtain temporary restraining orders, temporary or preliminary injunctive relief, and/or declaratory relief (other than declarations with respect to the amount of money damages) from a court of competent jurisdiction.
The arbitration proceedings shall be heard by one independent arbitrator who shall be an attorney or retired judge. The arbitration shall be held in Atlanta, Georgia and in accordance with the then-existing Commercial Arbitration Rules of the AAA. All matters within the scope of the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. 1, et seq.) will be governed by it and not by any state arbitration law. You and SCH waive any rights to maintain other available resolution processes for such disputes, such as a court action or administrative proceeding, to settle disputes. You and SCH waive any right to a jury trial for such disputes. The rules in arbitration are different from the rules that apply in court. There is no judge or jury, and review is limited, but an arbitrator can award the same damages and relief, and must honor the same limitations stated in the terms and conditions, as a court would.
In reaching his or her decision, the arbitrator shall follow the Program Terms, shall be bound to apply the applicable law, and shall not rule inconsistently with the applicable law. The arbitration shall be conducted on an individual basis, and not as a consolidated, common, representative, group or class action. The arbitrator shall include in his or her award any relief he or she deems proper in terms of money damages (with interest on unpaid amounts from the date due at the maximum rate allowed by law), and attorneys’ fees and costs. The award of the arbitrator shall be conclusive and binding upon all parties to the proceeding, and judgment upon the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Other than as may be required by law, the entire arbitration proceedings (including, but not limited to, any rulings, decisions, or orders of the arbitrator) shall remain confidential and shall not be disclosed to anyone other than the parties to proceeding.
Limitations Period. Any and all claims and actions arising out of or relating to the Program Terms and Conditions must be started within one (1) year from the occurrence of the facts giving rise to such claim or action, or such claim or action shall be barred. This Limitations Period section does not apply to residents of New Jersey.
Class Action Waiver. You agree that you will not file a class action against SCH, participate in a class action against SCH, file or seek a class arbitration against SCH, or participate in a class arbitration against SCH, for any claim or action arising out of the Program or the Program Terms.
Release. By participating in the Program, each Program Member agrees to release, discharge, and hold harmless SCH, its advertising and promotion agencies, their respective parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, and their directors, officers, agents, and employees from all claims or damages arising out of any use or misuse of the Program by that Member. This Release section does not apply to residents of New Jersey.
Protect Your Account Information. Each Program Member is responsible for keeping his/her profile information up-to-date in the Program and IHG Rewards Club systems, including relevant contact information, such as mailing address and email address. Most personal information and communication preferences can be updated by logging into your account on the IHG Rewards Club website.  For name changes please contact the IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre, and please be prepared to provide supporting legal documentation for your name change (such as a driver’s license with your new name, marriage certificate, passport, or other legal documentation).  Each Program Member is responsible for restricting access to and maintaining the confidentiality of her membership account and PIN, and agrees to accept responsibility for the activities of anyone using her PIN.  When contacting the IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre about your account, you may be asked for additional information for fraud prevention and security purposes.
The Program and its benefits are offered at the sole discretion of SCH and its subsidiaries and affiliates. SCH may assign or transfer any rights or obligations under this Program, or any other loyalty program, at any time to any related or unrelated entity, in its sole discretion.
Terms Relating to IHG Rewards Club Points
You may earn Points for Qualified Stays (defined below) and Eligible Charges (defined below) beginning with the date of your enrollment in the Program. Points will not be earned for Stays made prior to the date of your enrollment as shown in Program records.  If you enroll in the Program at the time of your initial stay in any IHG branded hotel excluding ANA partner hotels worldwide, you will earn 1,000 Points for that enrolling Qualified Stay.  Points for Qualifying Stays at IHG branded hotels are then earned as set forth in the Member benefits chart, available here.
The number of Points earned may vary by hotel brand.  The number of Points a Member must redeem in order to obtain applicable benefits may vary by benefit and by hotel brand.
A “Stay” is defined as one night or consecutive nights at the same hotel, regardless of frequency of check-in/check-out.

Qualifying Rates include most business and leisure rates, such as Advanced Purchase rates, Best Flexible rates, worldwide sales negotiated rates (including but not limited to Corporate Gold rates), national/regional/local government rates, and specified leisure rates as confirmed by SCH’s reservation systems. In addition, in North, South, and Central America, and the Caribbean, Qualifying Rates include locally negotiated rates if those rates are discounted less than 30%. In Asia, the Middle East, Africa, and Greater China (Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan) hotels and resorts, Qualifying Rates include all locally negotiated rates. In Greater China (Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan) hotels and resorts, Qualifying Rates also include all corporate negotiated rates settled with hotels via regular payment.
Points will be awarded for Qualifying Stays booked through IHG’s central reservation offices, IHG web sites, authorized travel agents (excluding online travel agents such as Expedia.com and booking.com, and unauthorized agents on online vertical travel portals), or directly at the hotel.
“Eligible Charges,” except at Kimpton hotels, also include food and beverage, telephone, laundry, and in-room movies charged to the Member's room. Charges at restaurants not operated by the hotel may not be eligible for Points. Hotels may choose to award Points for other charges at their discretion.
At U.S. and Canadian hotels (except InterContinental Alliance Resorts), you can earn Points on all Eligible Charges for multiple hotel rooms (up to 9) provided those rooms are used in conjunction with the Member's stay at the same hotel, and the Member’s IHG Rewards Club account number is recorded on each reservation, or the charges from those multiple room reservations are referred to on the hotel room bill associated with the Member's reservation. This includes group bookings where the bill for each room is paid for separately at check-out, if the IHG Rewards Club Member pays for each room.  Similarly, if a Member pays for more than one room during a Qualified Stay, as permitted in these Terms and Conditions, each such room is eligible for Your Rate pricing.
Member benefits (including without limitation those for InterContinental Ambassador and IHG Business Rewards) are only available for the individual Member to whom they apply. For in-hotel Member benefits, a Member must personally check in to enjoy such Member benefits, and those benefits are not transferrable and cannot be used by other Members or non-Members.  Any violation of this provision may result in cancellation of a Member’s account, and may also result in a hotel charging the applicable fees for non-eligible Members’ or non-Members’ use of Member benefits.
Points have no retail value, are not redeemable for cash or any other form of credit, and have no value until presented for redemption in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. Members have no ownership interest in accrued Points, and accrued Points do not constitute property of a Member. Use of the word “earn” herein, or in marketing materials, in relation to Program Points shall mean “collect” and shall not mean that the Points have any value until they are presented for redemption. Points may not be purchased or sold, and are not transferable, except as otherwise stated herein.
Point Expiration. CLUB LEVEL MEMBERSHIP POINTS (SEE MEMBER BENEFITS, INCLUDING LEVELS OF MEMBERSHIP, HERE) WILL EXPIRE IF YOUR MEMBERSHIP ACCOUNT BECOMES INACTIVE FOR ANY PERIOD OF TWELVE (12) MONTHS OR LONGER, WHICH MEANS YOUR POINTS WILL BE REMOVED FROM YOUR ACCOUNT AND WILL NO LONGER BE AVAILABLE FOR REDEMPTION. To maintain the Points in your membership account, you must have at least one “earn” or “redeem” transaction posted to your account every twelve (12) months. Use of the one night per year provided to IHG Rewards Club credit card holders does not constitute an “earn” or “redeem” activity to prevent Point expiration. If you redeem Points for a Stay and subsequently cancel that Stay, the redemption activity does not prevent Point expiration. Points do not expire for current Elite Members, although Points may expire twelve (12) months after an Elite Member’s account moves to Club level if there is no “earn” or “redeem” activity during those twelve (12) months.
Points from Promotions. IHG Rewards Club may offer limited-time promotions that offer bonus Points and/or partner credits. Those promotions are governed by these Terms and Conditions but may have additional terms and conditions specific to the individual promotion. Many of these promotions are only available to Program Members who receive a specific, targeted communication from SCH. Registration for a targeted offer for which you are not invited to participate is not permitted. Doing so is a Program violation and may result in any or all of the following:  the freezing of your account, the forfeiture of all of your Point transfers, rewards, vouchers, or merchandise issued pursuant to Point redemptions, and any accrued Points in your account, as well as cancellation of the account and your future participation in the Program.
Point Purchases. You may purchase additional Points necessary to redeem a reward up to a maximum of 100,000 Points within the Program within a calendar year. Points must be purchased in minimum increments of 1,000 Points, and can only be paid for by a valid, accepted credit card or approved payment method. Follow the link available on the “redeem” portion of the IHG Rewards Club website for more information, or call your regional IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre for assistance. Subject to local laws, no cancellations or refunds are permitted.
Point Transfers. Points may be transferred between any two specifically designated Member accounts. A Member may authorize the transfer of the necessary number of Points into another Member's account. The cost to the Member authorizing the transfer will be $5 US per 1,000 Points transferred, and can only be paid for by a valid, accepted credit card or approved payment method. Follow the instructions at https://www.ihg.com/rewardsclub/content/us/en/redeem-rewards/miles or call your regional IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre for assistance. An authorization to transfer Points form must be completed and submitted in order to transfer the required number of Points. Once the authorization for transfer is received and processed, the transferor relinquishes all rights to the transferred Points permitted subject to local laws; no cancellations or refunds are permitted. Other than as stated above, no transfer of Points may occur. Points are not the property of any Member. Except for the Point transfers allowed under these Terms and Conditions, Points may not be sold, bartered, attached, seized, levied upon, pledged, or transferred under any circumstances, including, without limitation, by operation of law, upon death, or in connection with any domestic relations dispute and/or legal proceeding, unless authorized in writing by SCH. Any unauthorized transfers of Points shall be deemed a violation of these Terms and Conditions.
Other Point Awards. Points may be distributed as rewards, recognition, or incentives, including in the form of Point vouchers, by IHG branded hotels to guests and hotel employees, and also by other companies with whom SCH has agreements, to their employees and customers.  Allow 6-8 weeks for Points (or miles) from Point vouchers to be deposited to your account if you mail in your voucher. For internet deposits, Points will be deposited immediately into your account. You should retain a copy of your Point voucher for 6 months or until your deposit appears on your statement, or account record on the IHG Rewards Club website. Point vouchers are distributed on a promotional basis only, and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth on the vouchers.
Exclusions. Members will not earn Points and/or enjoy Member benefits during a Stay, or earn Points retroactively, on any reservations booked through Online Travel Agencies (OTAs) or through unauthorized travel agents on online vertical travel portals. This restriction includes but is not limited to: earning Points on food and beverage purchases, parking, in room dining, movies, and any other incidental charges incurred during the Member’s Stay.
Points are not issued for Stays at the following reduced room rates, which are Non-Qualifying Rates, and which make a Stay a Non-Qualifying Stay: net wholesale individual and group rates, certain package rates, the employee discount rate, the friends and family rate, the crew rate, special discounted contract rates, the seasonal worker/crew rate, the 50% travel club discount rate, the distressed passenger rate, IHG Rewards Club Reward Nights/Airline Hotel Reward rate, most rates booked through most third-party web sites, complimentary hotel Stays, and any other rates not defined as Qualifying Rates.
Except as expressly permitted elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions, Points are not awarded for fractions of a U.S. dollar spent, or for dollars spent on tax, VAT, GST, service charges, gratuities, or hotel incidentals.
Charges not billed to your room, gift shop purchases, and meeting charges (other than IHG Business Rewards charges), will not be eligible for Points.
You must have stayed in the room and paid for it in full to earn Points. Only the Member whose name, as reflected on his or her IHG Rewards Club account, is on the reservation record will be awarded Points and will be awarded Qualifying Night (a single night during a Qualified Stay) credit toward achieving Elite-level status or other promotional goals.  For the avoidance of doubt, if more than one Member stays in a room, only one of the Members will be awarded Points and/or benefits, as long as all other conditions for such award of Points and/or benefits are satisfied.  Using a Member’s account number for a non-Member’s stay is not permitted, and may result in cancellation of the Member’s account, with all Points forfeited. In the event that multiple accounts are found to belong to the same person, SCH reserves the right to close all of the accounts and revoke all Points. 

Points and/or Qualifying Night credit are not awarded for no-shows even if the room is paid for in full. 
Points will not be issued if your room is paid for by a trade group, association, or company as part of a convention or group business meeting (10 rooms or more). If you stay at an IHG branded hotel under the terms of a contract or group commitment, you will not be eligible to receive Points unless you separately pay for your own room.
For Bonus Point packages or Bonus Mile packages, additional terms and conditions apply, and you should review those if you purchase such packages.
Points Adjustments. The Points listed in your IHG Rewards Club account are subject to change to reflect actual stay information, any adjustments based on these Terms and Conditions or the terms of a promotion, and Program changes. If you believe your account activity statement is inaccurate, contact your regional IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre or InterContinental Ambassador Service Centre. Point adjustments will not be made more than 60 days after the statement date. Please keep all of your hotel room receipts for your records, as they will be required for Point adjustment requests based on those hotel stays.
Data Protection. Under the data protection legislation of various countries, we are required to particularly draw your attention to the fact that by applying for Program membership, and by virtue of your continued membership, you accept and explicitly authorize SCH, in its capacity as data controller, by its subsidiaries, affiliates, and/or franchisees, including IHG hotels in nearly 100 countries, and by the IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centres and InterContinental Ambassador Service Centers, to do the following with the personal information you supplied during enrollment in the Program or during the course of your Program membership:  (i) process it, (ii) transfer it worldwide to any third parties with which SCH is affiliated within the scope of the Program, (iii) transfer it to third parties to process on SCH’s behalf, where required by applicable law, or in the event of a company reorganization, merger, or acquisition, for use of such information in the administration of membership records, or for use in connection with guest service, advertising, marketing, and communication purposes.  Such third parties or SCH may contact you by mail, fax, telephone, or email.  In addition, SCH may offer you a benefit in the form of an opportunity to receive information on goods or services that may be of interest or value to you, by providing various companies with a list of IHG Rewards Club Members.  This is an opt-in benefit for Program Members who are residents of Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Australia, Canada, or other countries that require an opt-in process.  If you reside in a country that requires such benefits to be offered on an opt-in basis, and you would like to opt-in, you will need to make the appropriate selection in the online preference center or contact your IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre or InterContinental Ambassador Service Center. Members residing in all other areas of the world, including the U.S.A., will automatically get this benefit upon enrollment, but can choose to be excluded from such affiliated third party contacts and/or such mailing lists by making the appropriate selection in the online preference center or by contacting their IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre or InterContinental Ambassador Service Center.You have a right of access to your data by sending a written request to your regional IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre or InterContinental Ambassador Service Centre.

Governing Law. These terms and conditions shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia, United States, without regard to its conflicts of law rules. Any dispute not covered by the terms of the Arbitration provision set forth in these Program Terms may be filed only in the state or federal courts located in the State of Georgia, United States.
Communications Not Received. SCH is not liable for loss of misdirected correspondence, requests, freight, or Reward Certificates that may be incomplete, illegal, delayed, lost, or stolen.
Restricted by Law. This Program or participation in it is not valid, and/or the awarding of Points or partner miles/credits, and/or the granting of rewards is void, where prohibited or restricted by law in the Member's home country (domicile).
Tax Liability. Taxing authorities may determine that IHG Rewards Club Points, rewards, and airline miles received through participation may be subject to tax liability, including, without limitation, foreign, federal, state and local taxes, surcharges, security charges and departure taxes. In that case, any tax liability, including disclosure, connected with the receipt and/or use of rewards is the responsibility of the IHG Rewards Club Member.
Program Interpretation. Interpretations of Program Terms & Conditions shall be at the sole discretion of SCH.
Transfer of IHG Rewards Club Points Upon Death. When an IHG Rewards Club Member passes away, the Member's Points may be transferred to the IHG Rewards Club account(s) of the Member's beneficiary(ies). The request for transfer should be sent to the IHG Rewards Club Service Centre by the executor or administrator of the decedent’s estate, along with court documents showing authority, or by a sole beneficiary, along with copies of the decedent’s will and death certificate. The request must be received within one (1) year of the date of death. Transfer fees will be waived.
No Guarantees on Merchandise. SCH, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, franchisees, and agents make no guarantees, warranties or representations of any kind, expressed or implied, with respect to items of merchandise or products (including but not limited to merchandise or products obtained by redeeming Points), or services of partners, and shall not be liable for any loss, expense (including without limitation, any legal fees), accident or inconvenience that may arise in connection with the use of such items or as a result of any defect or failure of such items. Any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose are specifically disclaimed. This Guarantees on Merchandise section does not apply to residents of New Jersey.Membership Levels
The IHG Rewards Club base membership level is Club. This section describes the requirements to be moved from Club status to Elite status.

For purposes of determining Elite status, IHG Rewards Club Points are classified as either Elite Qualifying Points or Non-Elite Qualifying Points. Only Elite Qualifying Points are counted towards Elite status.
 

Activity

Provides
Elite Qualifying Points

Provides
Non-Elite Qualifying Points

Qualifying Rates* paid for hotel Stays

X

 

Spend on IHG Rewards Club credit cards

X

 

Spend on select partner activity

X

 

IHG Rewards Club Bonus Points (or miles) Packages

X

 

Qualified Spend through IHG Business Rewards

X

 

Points earned from IHG promotions

 

X

Elite status bonuses**

 

X

Activation bonuses or select promotions offered through IHG Rewards Club credit cards

 

X

Select partner promotions

 

X

Point vouchers

 

X

Point purchases

 

X

Point transfers

 

X

Point deposits

 

X
 
*A Qualifying Rate includes the following: non-discounted rate, standard corporate rate, worldwide sales negotiated rate, national/regional/local government rate and specified leisure rates as confirmed by the IHG reservation system.
**IHG Rewards Club Gold Elite Members will receive a 10% Elite bonus on all Points earned from Qualifying Stays; Platinum Elite Members will receive a 50% Elite bonus on all Points earned from Qualifying Stays; and Spire Elite Members will receive a 100% Elite bonus on all Points earned from Qualifying Stays. Elite bonus Points are not awarded for Points received due to a special offer, promotion, IHG Rewards Club credit card activity, partner activity, IHG Rewards Club Bonus Points Packages, or Qualified Spend through IHG Business Rewards. Elite bonus Points are credited only to Members who choose to collect IHG Rewards Club Points.
The different Elite statuses will be awarded to Members that have successfully satisfied at least one of the following two Elite membership criteria for the particular Elite membership level:

 
IHG Rewards Club
 Gold Elite

IHG Rewards Club
 Platinum Elite

IHG Rewards Club
 Spire Elite

Elite Qualifying Points during a calendar year

10,000

40,000

75,000

Elite Qualifying Nights during a calendar year

10

40

75
 
Once a Member earns Elite membership status in any calendar year, such status will be maintained through the end of the following calendar year.  IHG Rewards Club Reward Nights consumed by Members will be counted as Qualifying Nights towards Elite membership qualifications. At the end of the calendar year, Qualifying Nights in excess of the number required for each status level will be counted towards the Member’s Elite status qualification for the following calendar year. Elite Rollover Nights are only valid for one calendar year.
Member Benefits
As a Member of the Program, you may be entitled to special services and benefits at IHG hotels. Benefits and services may change from time to time and may vary by hotel, country, and geographical region.  Click here for more information and to view the benefits chart. Most benefits, including Member-exclusive rates, are available only for Members who book their hotel reservations through IHG’s websites (including mobile sites), the IHG app, IHG’s central reservations office, or at an IHG hotel’s front desk.
Reward Nights
IHG Rewards Club Points may be redeemed for Reward Nights, and the number of Points required for a Reward Night varies by brand and by hotel. Point requirements are valid for IHG branded hotels worldwide, except IHG Army Hotels and Kimpton hotels before Kimpton Karma becomes part of the Program in early 2018. Point values for any hotel or destination may change at any time. Points have no value until presented for redemption by the Member.
IHG Rewards Club reserves the right to restrict, suspend, modify, discontinue, substitute, or cancel the Reward Nights program at any time without notice.
Advance reservations are required to use a Reward Night. Reward Night reservations are not travel agent commissionable.  Members may redeem Points for Reward Nights by calling the IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre in their region or by reserving the Reward Nights on the IHG Rewards Club website.  Members must be logged in to redeem Points online for a Reward Night. Reward Night reservations require a credit card to guarantee the reservation. Reward Night reservations can be cancelled online but cannot be modified (modifying a Reward Night reservation will cancel it).  Any fraudulent conduct or misuse of a Reward Night, including but not limited to cancelling a Reward Night reservation following check-in, may result in forfeiture of Points and/or other remedies permitted under these Terms and Conditions.
If a third party beneficiary (instead of the Member who made the relevant booking) intends to check in at any Greater China properties (Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan) with a Reward Night, the Member must call the IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre no less than 7 days before the Reward Night stay date. Member must provide specific personal details of such third party beneficiary as requested by SCH for its registration and validation purposes. To change any provided information, the Member must follow the same procedure mentioned above.  If the Member fails to provide and/or change the requested information on time or the information provided is not correct for any reason, the third party beneficiary will not be able to check in at the front desk and the relevant booking will be cancelled. The above requirement for third party beneficiary check-in applies to all Reward Nights earned through Stays, Points, promotions, or in any other way.
Each Reward Night is valid only for a double or king room for one night and tax. Reward Nights at all-inclusive resorts are based on double occupancy. Extra person charges apply beyond double occupancy. Please call the IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre for details.
Reward Night reservations may be booked for multiple hotel rooms (up to 9) on the same stay date at the same property, provided the IHG Rewards Club Member number is recorded on each reservation, the required Points are redeemed for each room, and there is available inventory.
There are no blackout dates for Reward Nights; however, room inventory is limited and subject to prior sale. In addition, Members may not be able to redeem Points for Reward Nights at InterContinental Residences.
Reward Nights do not include food and beverages, gratuities, or incidentals. These charges are to be paid directly to the hotel prior to check-out. Transportation costs to and from the hotel are not included.
Reward Nights are void where prohibited by law.
IHG Rewards Club Points or partner miles/credits are not awarded for the room rate equivalent on Reward Night stays; however, Points are awarded for all other eligible charges. Reward Night stays are defined as those in which a Member redeems Points for a Reward Night and include Reward Nights booked via Points & Cash.
Reward Nights (including those booked through PointBreaks), in-hotel redemptions, redeemable gift vouchers and merchandise may not be sold or used for commercial gains. Doing so is a Program violation and may result in a hotel refusing to permit the use of a Reward Night that was sold or used for commercial gains, and may also result in the freezing of your account, the forfeiture of all Point transfers, rewards, vouchers, or merchandise issued pursuant to Point redemptions and any accrued Points or miles in your account, as well as cancellation of the account and your future participation in the Program. 
Members who cancel their Reward Night reservation prior to the cut-off time set by the hotel for canceling reservations, and who do not stay, will have their redeemed Points for that reservation re-deposited into their IHG Rewards Club account, and may be subjected to a processing fee. 
Members who do not cancel their Reward Night reservation by the hotel’s cancellation deadline and do not use their reservation (no-show) are still subject to a no-show charge for the first night of the reservation, plus tax, per room, billed to the credit card used to guarantee the reservation upon booking.
IHG Rewards Club PointBreaks
IHG Rewards Club PointBreaks is a Reward Nights special offer. PointBreaks are Reward Nights with prices beginning at 5,000 Points at selected hotels for a limited period of time, instead of the standard redemption rate. IHG Rewards Club PointBreaks Reward Nights are based on availability and PointBreaks locations may be added or deleted at any time. Due to the limited availability, each Member may only book two PointBreaks Reward Nights reservations per hotel during the special offer time period. The PointBreaks special offer may be restricted, suspended, modified, or substituted at any time without notice. All other Reward Nights terms and conditions apply.
IHG Rewards Club “Points & Cash”
IHG Rewards Club “Points & Cash” is an option for obtaining a Reward Night. You may choose to redeem Points for a Reward Night by using your existing Points for all required Points for the desired Reward Night, or using your existing Points and purchasing additional Points in various increments to total the required Points.
Amounts required for Point purchases are subject to change at any time. You must use a valid, accepted credit card or approved payment method for Points purchases. 
Points & Cash Reward Nights may be redeemed on the IHG Rewards Club website, the IHG mobile app, or through the IHG reservation call center.
Upon completion of the Points purchase, you agree that the total U.S. dollar amount will be immediately charged to the valid credit card or approved payment method you specified. The cost for the Points purchased is non-refundable. If the Reward Night is cancelled in accordance with Reward Nights terms and conditions and with the hotel's cancellation policy, the purchased Points will be re-deposited into your IHG Rewards Club account. 
Cash components of this award that are viewed in currencies other than U.S. dollars will be adjusted by IHG Rewards Club, as needed, to reflect the U.S. dollar equivalent of the non-U.S. dollar currency at the time of payment. All other Reward Night terms and conditions apply.
Other Rewards (Regional Variations Apply)
You can redeem your Points for rewards through the “redeem” section of the IHG Rewards Club website or by calling the Customer Care Centre in your region. Rewards shown online may be redeemed while they remain available. 
Merchandise offers vary by region and country of residence.
All rewards are subject to limited availability, and to the terms and conditions and restrictions imposed by merchandise, travel, or other suppliers. 
The number of Points required for specific rewards are subject to change at any time. SCH reserves the right to delete, add, restrict, suspend, discontinue, modify, substitute, or cancel rewards or award selections (of equal or greater value) in this Program at any time.
Points cannot be applied toward redemption of rewards in any other loyalty program except as offered by SCH through the Program.
Merchandise, Gift Certificates, and Other Rewards.  Selection of “IHG Rewards Club Merchandise and More” or “Gift Cards” will direct you to Maritz LLC (“Maritz”), a third party provider that hosts a private label web site (click here for the U.S. site, and click here for the global site) (the “Site”) (subject to additional terms and conditions), and provides merchandise, gift certificates, and other reward fulfillment services (the “Services”) to Members in exchange for Points or a combination of Points and currency for items through the Site.  Any obligation that SCH may have to you in connection with the Points redeemed for rewards will be fully discharged upon your receipt of goods from Maritz.  The Point conversion ratios between IHG Rewards Club and Maritz may change at any time at SCH’s complete discretion. For full terms and conditions, visit: U.S.: https://catalog.ihg.com/79462IHHCLUBIHGREWCB/Help#ProcessSecurity or Global: https://www.globalcatalogue.ihg.com/terms.
You must have the required number of Points in your account prior to redeeming Points for a reward. Additional information about available rewards can be found on the following sites:
Gift Certificate Rewards.  See specific terms and conditions after selecting a gift card.
Concierge (available in US, Mexico, UK, Germany, Mainland China, Japan and the Middle East). Terms and conditions will vary depending on the reward requested.
Any Hotel, Anywhere Rewards U.S., and follow this link for terms and conditions.
Flights Anywhere Reward. Follow this link for terms and conditions.
Hotels Anywhere Reward. Follow this link for terms and conditions.
Cars Anywhere Reward (You must be logged into your account to access Cars Anywhere information). Follow this link for terms and conditions.
Magazines. See specific terms and conditions after selecting a magazine.
Digital Rewards (You must be logged into your account to access Digital Rewards information). Follow this link for terms and conditions. 
Loyalty Program Alliances

At participating hotels within the IHG family of brands, you can choose to collect IHG Rewards Club Points or Loyalty Program Alliance miles/credits, which may vary by participating Loyalty Program Alliance. A Loyalty Program Alliance is a third party loyalty program with which SCH has an arrangement to allow members of that third party program, who are also IHG Rewards Club Members, to collect miles or other credits for that third party program instead of collecting Points.
The Loyalty Program Alliances available may change at any time, at SCH’s sole discretion.  If a Member chooses to collect a Loyalty Program Alliance’s miles/credits and that Loyalty Program Alliance is later removed from the program, that Member’s choice will automatically be changed to collecting IHG Rewards Club Points.  
IHG Army Hotels do not participate in the Loyalty Program Alliances program.  
You may not collect both IHG Rewards Club Points and Loyalty Program Alliance miles/credits for the same stay, except during special promotions or offers. 
You can choose or change to only one Loyalty Program Alliance at a time. To change selection, visit the IHG Rewards Club website or call the IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre in your region.
Qualifying Stays or other activity to earn Points, that results in fractional Loyalty Program Alliance miles/credits, will be rounded down. Except as expressly set out otherwise in these Terms and Conditions, Loyalty Program Alliance miles/credits are not awarded for fractions of a U.S. dollar spent, or for U.S. dollars spent on tax, VAT, GST, service charge, food and beverage, telephone, laundry, in-room movies, gratuities or hotel incidentals. 
If you elect automatic issuance for Qualifying Stays, the Loyalty Program Alliance miles/credits you earn will vary depending on the Loyalty Program Alliance you select.  See additional information here.
All Stay activity within 56 hours prior to a Member request will be posted to the account of the last Loyalty Program Alliance requested. 
The terms and conditions of the specified Loyalty Program Alliance program govern the earning and redeeming of those miles/credits. SCH, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, franchisees and agents do not assume the liability for Loyalty Program Alliance miles/credits or the terms and conditions of any other Loyalty Program Alliance program.
Loyalty Program Alliance miles/credits are not redeemable for cash or any other form of credit and have no value until presented for redemption in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant Loyalty Program Alliance program.
IHG Rewards Club Members choosing to collect Loyalty Program Alliance miles/credits will be awarded the appropriate reward associated with each Loyalty Program Alliance for hotel stays booked and paid at Qualifying Room Rates only.  See the IHG Rewards Club website for more information or call your regional IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre.
SCH, from time to time, may include reward options from Loyalty Program Alliances to IHG Rewards Club Members through membership communications. Loyalty Program Alliances supplying offers to IHG Rewards Club Members, from time to time, are independent contractors. Nothing in any other materials related to the Program is intended or shall be construed as establishing any agency, partnership or joint venture relationship between SCH and Loyalty Program Alliances, including without limitation the use of the word partner. SCH, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, franchisees and agents are not responsible or liable for the conduct of Loyalty Program Alliances and/or their programs or services, including, without limitation any changes or discontinuances of service by Loyalty Program Alliances or other independent businesses that may affect the Program rewards, the collection of IHG Rewards Club Points, or the delivery of products or services offered by them.
SCH is responsible for the provision of rewards within the IHG Rewards Club Program only.
SCH is not responsible for Loyalty Program Alliance withdrawals from the Program or changes in Loyalty Program Alliance service.
Converting Points to Miles or Credits. You may convert your Points to miles/credits with participating Loyalty Program Alliances only in block increments for specified Loyalty Program Alliances as listed here. Consult your Loyalty Program Alliance program to determine Loyalty Program miles/credits needed to obtain the airline reward of your choice. The posting time of frequent flyer miles varies by airline and can take up to 6 weeks to post to your frequent flyer account. For IHG Rewards Club Points that are converted to Loyalty Program Alliance miles/credits in a Loyalty Program Alliance program, the IHG Rewards Club Program will be responsible only for arranging for the airline or other vendor to post the appropriate credit to your account. Following such posting, all risk of loss, bankruptcy, theft or dishonor will be borne by you, and there shall be no refund or conversion of IHG Rewards Club Points into any other reward option. Once Points are converted to Loyalty Program Alliance miles/credits, they cannot be converted back to Points or shifted to another Loyalty Program Alliance program. A statement of that account will be issued by the specified Loyalty Program Alliance program. Program participation will be governed by the terms and conditions of the specified Loyalty Program Alliance program.
Loyalty Program Alliance credits may be issued in a form of credit other than miles. Click here for details on Loyalty Program Alliance earning structure.
American Airlines awards. These awards will be issued in the form of AAdvantage miles. You must be enrolled in the AAdvantage program to receive award miles; to enroll visit www.aa.com/enroll. Please allow 4-6 weeks for your miles to post to your account. For information on redeeming AAdvantage miles for travel awards, visit https://www.aa.com/i18n/aadvantage-program/terms-and-conditions.jsp.  American Airlines and AAdvantage are registered trademarks of American Airlines, Inc.
SCH, ITS PARENT COMPANY, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, FRANCHISEES, AND AGENTS MAKE NO GUARANTEES, WARRANTIES, OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ITEMS OR MERCHANDISE OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OF LOYALTY PROGRAM ALLIANCE PARTNERS, AND ASSUME NO LIABILITY FOR THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OR THE CONDUCT OF A LOYALTY PROGRAM ALLIANCE OR OTHER VENDOR'S LOYALTY PROGRAM AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, EXPENSE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ATTORNEYS’ OR OTHER LEGAL FEES), ACCIDENT OR INCONVENIENCE THAT MAY ARISE IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF ITEMS OR MERCHANDISE OR RODUCTS OR SERVICES OF LOYALTY PROGRAM ALLIANCE PARTNERS OR AS A RESULT OF ANY DEFENCE OR FAILURE OF SUCH ITEMS, OR AS A RESULT OF YOUR PARTICIPATION IN A LOYALTY PROGRAM ALLIANCE PROGRAM. ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMED. THESE DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY DO NOT APPLY TO RESIDENTS OF NEW JERSEY.
Other IHG Rewards Club Programs
InterContinental Ambassador Terms & Conditions
As an IHG Rewards Club Member, you may also purchase membership in the InterContinental Ambassador program. Purchase of InterContinental Ambassador membership entitles you to a higher level of recognition and to all published benefits for InterContinental Ambassador membership valid only at InterContinental Hotels & Resorts properties worldwide. 
If you have InterContinental Ambassador membership, you are subject to all IHG Rewards Club membership Terms and Conditions, in addition to the terms and conditions set forth here.Dining Rewards
The IHG Dining Rewards program expired on December 31, 2016.

        
                    
             
        
        
    
            
                
                    
                    IHG Business Rewards Terms and Conditions (excluding Greater China  Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan)

The IHG Business Rewards Program is operated by Six Continents Hotels, Inc. (SCH) as part of the IHG Rewards Club Program and is designed to award IHG Rewards Club Points to corporate bookers, business travel/meetings agents or individual bookers for Qualifying Spend (as defined below) at Participating Hotels, subject to the IHG Rewards Club Terms and Conditions (except as noted below) as well as the following IHG Business Rewards terms and conditions. 
Membership
Membership in IHG Business Rewards is available to individuals who are either corporate bookers, business travel/meetings agents or individual bookers subject to the following conditions: 

A corporate booker is an individual who books Qualifying Spend at Participating Hotels for and on behalf of his or her employer for business purposes. 
A business travel/meetings agent is an individual who is employed by a travel/meetings agency, books Qualifying Spend at Participating Hotels for and on behalf of his or her clients for business purposes, and who does not, and whose travel/meetings agency does not, have a central agreement with any IHG company either directly or through being a member of an agency consortia group.
An individual booker is an individual who books Qualifying Spend at Participating Hotels on their own behalf.

Companies and/or other entities cannot enroll. 
Business travel/meetings agents that have a central agreement, or whose agency has a central agreement, with any IHG company cannot enroll.
To become an IHG Business Rewards member, individuals must complete the mandatory registration details on the IHG Business Rewards website, including confirming acceptance of these terms and conditions and the IHG Rewards Club Terms and Conditions. Points cannot be earned until registration as an IHG Business Rewards member, including acceptance of these terms and conditions, is complete.
All IHG Business Rewards members must supply valid contact information and update such contact information as necessary. In the event communication with an IHG Business Rewards member is necessary, SCH will rely on the IHG Business Rewards member’s contact information on file for such communications. SCH has the right to terminate an account and/or revoke Points if it determines, in its sole discretion, that an account has multiple email addresses and/or is suspected of being related to fraudulent or abusive activity.
Employees of SCH, any IHG company, or an IHG branded hotel may not earn Points for IHG Business Rewards events a) in their own hotel of employment or b) in relation to any bookings made on behalf of SCH, any IHG company, or in relation to any IHG hotel.
Members may cancel their membership in IHG Business Rewards by written notice (including email) to the IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre. Members may cancel their membership in IHG Business Rewards without cancelling their membership in IHG Rewards Club, but must remain a Member of IHG Rewards Club to be a member of IHG Business Rewards.  Information on making bookings through IHG Business Rewards is available on the IHG Business Rewards website.
Legal Compliance and Anti-Bribery
Participation in IHG Business Rewards and earning or redeeming Points is void when prohibited by law, and is subject to any other applicable laws and regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, United Kingdom and United States anti-bribery laws that apply internationally). 
Some employers, by policy, may prohibit or restrict employee participation in IHG Business Rewards and SCH assumes no responsibility or liability for compliance with such policies. Members are responsible for complying with any applicable terms and conditions of their employment, their employers’ internal policies and procedures, and any other rules or regulations to which they are subject.
For corporate bookers and business travel/meetings agents, participation in IHG Business Rewards requires prior approval of the individual’s employer. Members are responsible for obtaining such prior approval, and by accepting these terms and conditions during the online registration process, individuals are confirming that their employers have consented to their participation in IHG Business Rewards. SCH may require the employer’s approval in writing to be produced for verification upon demand at any time as a condition of becoming or continuing as an IHG Business Rewards member, and SCH reserves the right to cancel the membership of those IHG Business Rewards members who cannot produce such written approval. Members agree to indemnify and hold harmless SCH and its affiliates from any liability, costs, and/or damages relating to the claims of any third party arising from a failure of an IHG Business Rewards member to obtain prior approval of his or her employer to participate in IHG Business Rewards.
An IHG Business Rewards member who changes her employer must (a) update her contact details online; (b) obtain the prior approval of her new employer to participate in IHG Business Rewards; and (c) provide any further information requested by SCH. For the avoidance of doubt, these terms and conditions are personal to the IHG Business Rewards member and shall apply in full to such member irrespective of any change of employer.
Participating Hotels
IHG Business Rewards is available for Qualifying Spend at Participating Hotels. The list of Participating Hotels is available on the IHG Business Rewards website. Click here to view the list of Participating Hotels. The list of Participating Hotels may be amended at any time without prior notice, at SCH’s sole discretion.  IHG Army Hotels, and Kimpton hotels as of January 1, 2018, do not participate in IHG Business Rewards.
Qualifying Spend
Qualifying Spend includes all spend on guest rooms, meetings and events, conference rooms, food and beverage service linked to meetings and conferences, and all-inclusive meeting packages, all subject to these terms and conditions.
Unless agreed otherwise at the discretion of the relevant Participating Hotel, or unless specifically agreed otherwise in a special negotiated rate, Qualifying Spend excludes any spend made in accordance with a special negotiated rate including, without limitation, global negotiated rates and local negotiated rates and any reduced rates listed in the IHG Rewards Club Terms and Conditions as not eligible for Points.
Qualifying Spend excludes all spend by or through business travel/meetings agents with a payment-for-performance central agreement with any IHG company.
Unless agreed otherwise at the discretion of the relevant Participating Hotel, Points cannot be earned in IHG Business Rewards in conjunction with any other special offers/promotions outside of the IHG Business Rewards program.
Qualifying Spend on guest rooms only includes guest rooms that an IHG Business Rewards member books for others. It excludes spend on the IHG Business Rewards member’s own guest room.
Qualifying Spend does not include any taxes, gratuities, service fees, outside vendor/supplier charges, any attendee incidentals including individual meals and beverages, or other expenses and any leisure spend.
Earning Points
Members will earn three (3) IHG Rewards Club Points for every 1 U.S. dollar or local currency equivalent paid towards Qualifying Spend at Participating Hotels, subject to these terms and conditions. Points will be rounded up to the nearest whole number of Points. IHG Rewards Club Points earned under the IHG Business Rewards program are considered Elite Qualifying Points that count towards IHG Rewards Club Elite status. Gold Elite, Platinum Elite, and Spire Elite bonus Points cannot be earned on IHG Rewards Club Points earned through the IHG Business Rewards program.
Points may only be earned once in IHG Business Rewards for any Qualifying Spend and only the IHG Business Rewards member who made the booking directly through IHG’s central reservation offices, an IHG website, or directly with the Participating Hotel will be eligible for the Points. Corporate bookers and individual bookers cannot earn Points for bookings made through a travel/meetings agent, whether online or offline. In the event of a dispute between IHG Business Rewards members who claim Points for the same Qualifying Spend, SCH will decide, in its sole discretion, to which IHG Business Rewards member Points are to be allocated, and in which proportion. This decision will be final and binding on the IHG Business Rewards members concerned.
Up to two IHG Business Rewards members may agree to share Points for Qualifying Spend on a meeting/event.
Meeting/event attendees who are IHG Rewards Club Members will not earn IHG Rewards Club Points for their stays if their individual room bills are paid through a master account.
Unless varied by the terms and conditions of any applicable promotions, a maximum of 60,000 Points can be earned on any meeting/event, including all guest room bookings and other Qualifying Spend linked to such meeting/event. Two or more meetings/events held by the same organization over the same date(s) or consecutive dates at the same Participating Hotel will be considered one meeting/event.
In respect of bookings made directly with the Participating Hotel, IHG Business Rewards members must notify the relevant Participating Hotel that they wish to earn IHG Business Rewards Points on any Qualifying Spend prior to making the booking for the relevant guest rooms, meetings, or events and must provide their IHG Business Rewards membership number.
Points will be credited to the IHG Business Rewards member’s account within 45 days from the date the meeting, event, or stay related to the Qualifying Spend was held, provided that it has been paid for in accordance with the relevant sales and/or catering contract with the Participating Hotel.
Taxing authorities may determine that Points or rewards received through participation in IHG Business Rewards may be subject to tax liability, including, without limitation, foreign, federal, state and local taxes, surcharges, security charges and departure taxes. In that case, any tax liability, including disclosure, connected with the receipt and/or use of rewards is the responsibility of the IHG Business Rewards member.
Members who believe that their account activity is inaccurate should in the first instance contact the relevant Participating Hotel. If they are unable to resolve the query with the Participating Hotel they must contact the IHG Business Rewards Reservations and Service Center. Points adjustments will not be made more than 60 days after the statement date. Members must keep all hotel receipts and invoices for their records, as they will be required for Point adjustment requests.
Rewards
Redemption of Points for rewards is subject to the general IHG Rewards Club Terms and Conditions.
IHG Rewards Club Meeting Credits are available in the form of a prepaid card as a redemption item for IHG Business Rewards members, unless prohibited by their employers. IHG Rewards Club Meeting Credits are valid for payment at any hotels in the IHG Family of Brands hotels worldwide, other than IHG Army Hotels and the Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants brand. IHG Rewards Club Meeting Credits cannot be redeemed for cash. Prepaid card terms and conditions apply. Use of Meetings Credits will not count as Qualifying Spend under the IHG Business Rewards program.
        
             
        
        
    
            
                
                    
                    IHG Business Rewards Terms and Conditions (Greater China  Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan)
The IHG Business Rewards program is operated by Six Continents Hotels, Inc. (SCH) as part of the IHG Rewards Club Program and is designed to award Points to corporate bookers, business travel/meetings agents or individual bookers for Qualifying Spend (as defined below) at Participating Hotels subject to the following IHG Business Rewards terms and conditions and all IHG Rewards Club Terms and Conditions.
Membership

Membership in IHG Business Rewards is available to individuals who are either corporate bookers, business travel/meetings agents or individual bookers subject to the following conditions. 
A corporate booker is an individual who books Qualifying Spend at Participating Hotels for and on behalf of his or her employer for business purposes.

A business travel/meetings agent is an individual who is employed by a travel/meetings agency, books Qualifying Spend at Participating Hotels for and on behalf of his or her clients for business purposes and who does not have a central agreement with any IHG company either directly or through being a member of an agency consortia group.

An individual booker is an individual who books Qualifying Spend at Participating Hotels on their own behalf.
Companies and/or other entities cannot enroll.

Business travel/meetings agents that have an override agreement with any IHG company cannot enroll.
The IHG Business Rewards program enrolls members by invitation. To become an IHG Business Rewards member, individuals who receive and accept the enrollment invitation must confirm acceptance of the IHG Rewards Club Terms and Conditions and these IHG Business Rewards terms and conditions. Points cannot be earned until registration as an IHG Business Rewards member, including acceptance of these terms and conditions, is complete.
All IHG Business Rewards members must supply valid contact information and update such contact information as necessary. In the event communication with an IHG Business Rewards member is necessary, SCH will rely on the IHG Business Rewards member’s contact information on file for such communications. SCH has the right to terminate an account and/or revoke Points if it determines, in its sole discretion, that an account has multiple email addresses and/or is suspected of being related to fraudulent or abusive activity.
Employees of SCH, any IHG company, or an IHG branded hotel may not earn Points for IHG Business Rewards events a) in their own hotel of employment or b) in relation to any bookings made on behalf of SCH, any IHG company, or in relation to any IHG hotel.
Members may cancel their membership in IHG Business Rewards by written notice (including email) to the IHG Rewards Club Customer Care Centre. Members may cancel their membership in IHG Business Rewards without cancelling their membership in IHG Rewards Club, but must remain a Member of IHG Rewards Club to be a member of IHG Business Rewards.
Legal Compliance and Anti-Bribery
Participation in IHG Business Rewards and earning or redeeming Points is void when prohibited by law and is subject to any other applicable laws and regulations. For the avoidance of doubt, this includes United Kingdom and United States anti-bribery laws, which apply internationally.
Some employers, by policy, may prohibit or restrict employee participation in IHG Business Rewards and SCH assumes no responsibility or liability for compliance with such policies. Members are responsible for complying with any applicable terms and conditions of their employment, their employer's internal policies and procedures, or any other rules or regulations to which they are subject.
For corporate bookers and business travel agents, participation in IHG Business Rewards requires prior approval of the IHG Business Rewards member’s employer. Members are responsible for obtaining such prior approval, and by accepting these terms and conditions during the online registration process IHG Business Rewards members are confirming that their employer has consented to their participation in IHG Business Rewards. In addition, business travel/meetings agents shall disclose their participation in IHG Business Rewards when booking Qualifying Spend at Participating Hotels for and on behalf of their clients for business purposes. Corporate bookers and business travel agents may at their discretion present the employer’s approval and business travel agents’ disclosure, respectively, to SCH, which shall be sent to ihgbrregistration.cn@ihg.com. SCH may require the employer’s approval or business travel agents’ disclosure to clients in writing to be produced for verification upon demand at any time as a condition of becoming or continuing as an IHG Business Rewards member and SCH reserves the right to cancel the membership of those IHG Business Rewards members who cannot produce such written approval or disclosure. IHG Business Rewards members agree to indemnify and hold harmless SCH and its affiliates from any liability, costs, or damages relating to the claims of any third party arising from a failure of an IHG Business Rewards member to obtain prior approval of their employer to participate in IHG Business Rewards.
Members who change their employer must (a) update their contact details online; (b) obtain the prior approval of their new employer to participate in IHG Business Rewards; and (c) provide any further information requested by SCH. For the avoidance of doubt, these terms and conditions are personal to the IHG Business Rewards member and shall apply in full to the IHG Business Rewards member irrespective of any change of employer.
Participating Hotels
IHG Business Rewards is available for Qualifying Spend at Participating Hotels. The list of Participating Hotels is available on the IHG Business Rewards website. IHG Army Hotels and hotels in the Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants brand do not participate in IHG Business Rewards.  Click here to view the list of Participating Hotels. The list of Participating Hotels may be amended at any time without prior notice at SCH’s sole discretion.
Qualifying Spend
Qualifying Spend includes all spend on guest rooms, meetings and events, conference rooms, food and beverage service linked to meetings and conferences, and all-inclusive meeting packages, all subject to these terms and conditions.
Unless agreed otherwise at the discretion of the relevant Participating Hotel or unless specifically agreed otherwise in the special negotiated rate, Qualifying Spend excludes any spend which is made in accordance with a special negotiated rate including, without limitation, global negotiated rates and locally negotiated rates and any reduced rates listed in the IHG Rewards Club Terms and Conditions as not eligible for Points.
Qualifying Spend excludes all spend by or through business travel/meetings agents with a payment-for-performance central agreement with any IHG company.
Unless agreed otherwise at the discretion of the relevant Participating Hotel, Points cannot be earned in IHG Business Rewards in conjunction with any other special offers/promotions outside of the IHG Business Rewards program.
Qualifying Spend on guest rooms only includes guest rooms that a IHG Business Rewards member books for others. It excludes spend on the IHG Business Rewards member’s own guest room.
Qualifying Spend does not include any taxes, gratuities, service fees, outside vendor/supplier charges, any attendee incidentals including individual meals and beverages or other expenses and any leisure spend.
Earning Points
Members will earn three (3) IHG Rewards Club Points for every 1 U.S. dollar or local currency equivalent paid towards Qualifying Spend at Participating Hotels subject to these terms and conditions. Points will be rounded up to the nearest whole number of Points. IHG Rewards Club Points earned under the IHG Business Rewards program are considered Elite Qualifying Points which count towards IHG Rewards Club membership elite status. Elite Gold and Platinum bonus Points cannot be earned on IHG Rewards Club Points earned through the IHG Business Rewards program.
Points may only be earned once in IHG Business Rewards for any Qualifying Spend and the IHG Business Rewards member who made the booking directly through the IHG central reservation offices, an IHG website or directly with the Participating Hotel will be eligible for the Points. Corporate bookers and individual bookers cannot earn Points for bookings made through a travel/meetings agent, whether online or offline. In the event of a dispute between IHG Business Rewards members who claim Points for the same Qualifying Spend, SCH will decide in its sole discretion to which IHG Business Rewards member Points are allocated and in which proportion. This decision will be final and binding on the IHG Business Rewards members concerned.
Up to two IHG Business Rewards members may agree to share Points for Qualifying Spend on a meeting/event.
Meeting/event attendees who are IHG Rewards Club Members will not earn IHG Rewards Club Points for their stays if their individual room bills are paid through a master account.
Unless varied by the terms and conditions of any applicable promotions, a maximum of 60,000 Points can be earned on any meeting/event, including all guest room bookings and other Qualifying Spend linked to such meeting/event. Two or more meetings/events held by the same organization over the same date(s) or consecutive dates at the same Participating Hotel will be considered one meeting/event.
In respect of bookings made directly with the Participating Hotel, IHG Business Rewards members must notify the relevant Participating Hotel that they wish to earn IHG Business Rewards Points on any Qualifying Spend prior to making the booking for the relevant guest rooms, meetings or events and must provide their IHG Business Rewards membership number.
Points will be credited to the IHG Business Rewards member’s account within 45 days from the date the meeting, event, or stay related to the Qualifying Spend was held, provided that it has been paid for in accordance with the relevant sales and/or catering contract with the Participating Hotel.
Points or rewards received through participation in IHG Business Rewards may be subject to tax liability. All tax liability, including and without limitation, disclosure / reporting to tax authorities connected with the receipt and/or use of Points or rewards, is the responsibility of the IHG Business Rewards member.
IHG Business Rewards members who believe that their account activity is inaccurate should in the first instance contact the relevant Participating Hotel. If they are unable to resolve the query with the Participating Hotel they must contact the IHG Business Rewards Reservations and Service Center. Points adjustments will not be made more than 60 days after the statement date. Members must keep all hotel receipts and invoices for their records, as they will be required for Point adjustment requests.Rewards

Redemption of Points for rewards is subject to the general IHG Rewards Club Terms and Conditions.