Loyalty Program Terms & Conditions  
                          
                        
                        
                                                
                        
                        
                        
                          
                            
                            
                                                 1. JOIN THE LOYALTY PROGRAM                
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                                 2. EARN POINTS                
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                                 3. REDEEM POINTS                
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                                 4. ELITE MEMBERSHIP                
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                                 5. MARRIOTT BONVOY EVENTS                 
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                                 6. CO-BRAND CREDIT CARDS                
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                                 7. MARRIOTT VACATION CLUB, MARRIOTT GRAND RESIDENCE CLUB, VISTANA SIGNATURE NETWORK, AND VISTANA RESIDENCE NETWORK                
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                                 8. HOMES & VILLAS BY MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL                
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                                 9. ADDITIONAL TERMS OF PARTICIPATION IN THE LOYALTY PROGRAM                
                          
                        
                        
                          
                            
                            
                                       Updated November 2021

Effective in February 2019, the loyalty program for Marriott International, Inc. is Marriott Bonvoy (hereinafter, the “Loyalty Program”). Prior to this, the Loyalty Program operated as a unified program under three names: Marriott Rewards Program, The Ritz-Carlton Rewards Program, and the Starwood Preferred Guest Program (the “SPG Program”) (each a “Legacy Program”). These Legacy Programs were operated by Marriott International, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including Marriott Rewards, LLC and Preferred Guest, Inc. (collectively, the “Company”).

The Loyalty Program operates under the terms and conditions as set out below unless otherwise expressly stated (the “Program Rules”). The Program Rules hereby incorporate the additional Managed Associate Rules that shall apply to employees of the Company and to associates working at Company owned, leased, licensed and managed locations. The Managed Associate Rules do not apply to employees of Company franchisees, licensees and owners of Company managed properties.

The Program Rules govern the Company’s relationship with members of the Loyalty Program (collectively, “Loyalty Program Members,” and individually, a “Loyalty Program Member,” “Member,” or “you”), including how Members manage their accounts, book reservations, achieve elite status, earn and redeem Loyalty Program points (“Points”) with participating hotels and properties (each a “Participating Property”), as well as with third party programs which have a business relationship with the Loyalty Program such as airline frequent flyer programs (“Partner Programs”).

The Program Rules incorporate the additional terms that apply to certain experiences or properties which participate in the Marriott Bonvoy loyalty program in a limited or unique capacity  including All-Inclusive by Marriott Bonvoy and The Ritz-Carlton Yacht Collection. Specific Loyalty Program benefits, amenities, offers, awards and services may not be available at or as part of such experiences or properties, even though the applicable experience or property is not explicitly identified as being excluded where the benefit, amenity, offer, award or service is described in these Program Rules. Please refer to the Supplemental Terms page to view the separate terms governing the participation in the Loyalty Program by the applicable experience or property for information on what features of the Loyalty Program are available.

By opening a Loyalty Program membership account (“Account” or “Membership Account”), or by using either your membership card or the Membership Account number you were assigned (“Membership Number”) to receive and redeem benefits of the Loyalty Program, including, without limitation, Loyalty Program Points, you agree that:

•you have read and accept these Program Rules; and you have read and accept the Website Terms of Use which are incorporated by reference herein; and

•you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal data by the Company, the Loyalty Program, Participating Properties and Partner Programs, and their authorized third-party agents and licensees in accordance with the Company’s Privacy Statement.

All Loyalty Program benefits, amenities, offers, awards and services are subject to availability and may be changed by the Company at any time without notice. The Company may terminate the Loyalty Program, in whole or in part, with six (6) months' advance notice to all active Loyalty Members and with less than six months' notice in any jurisdiction if required to do so by applicable law. At the Company’s sole discretion, the Company may choose to substitute a similar loyalty program for the Loyalty Program at any time immediately upon notice to active Loyalty Members. If the Loyalty Program is terminated, all unredeemed Points will be forfeited without any obligation or liability, and no Redemption Award claims or promotional Award claims will be honored after the conclusion of the notice period.

These Program Rules supersede all previous terms and conditions applicable to the Legacy Programs or Loyalty Program. Except as otherwise expressly prohibited or limited by applicable laws, Company may at any time amend, modify or supplement these Program Rules, the structure for earning awards (“Awards,” and individually, an "Award") and Award levels at any time, with or without notice, even though such changes may affect the value of Points or Miles, or the ability to obtain certain Awards (collectively “Program Rules Changes”). Loyalty Members are responsible for remaining knowledgeable of the Program Rules and any Program Rule Changes. Your continued participation in the Loyalty Program will constitute your acceptance of any such Program Rule Changes.           
                          
                        
                        
                                                
                        
                        
                        
                          
                            
                            
                                              
                          
                        
                        
                                                
                        
                        
                        
                          
                            
                            
                                   1.JOIN THE LOYALTY PROGRAM             
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    1.1Eligibility.       Membership in the Loyalty Program is free and available to any individual who: (a) possesses the legal authority to agree to the Program Rules; (b) resides in a jurisdiction which legally permits participation in the Loyalty Program; (c) is not a resident of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or the Crimea region of Ukraine; (d) provides valid and accurate personal information when enrolling in the Loyalty Program; (e) is not already a member of the Loyalty Program (i.e., does not already have a Membership Account); and (f) has not previously been terminated from the Loyalty Program or any of the three Legacy Programs by the Company.

1.1.a. Members are responsible for reading and understanding the Loyalty Program Rules, Account statements, and other communications from the Company about the Loyalty Program in order to understand his/her rights, responsibilities, and status in the Loyalty Program. If a Member has any questions about the Loyalty Program or these Program Rules, the Member should contact Member Support.

1.1.b. Members are responsible for reading the Company’s Privacy Statement in order to understand how the Company collects, uses, and discloses a Member’s data. If a Member has any questions about the Company’s Privacy Statement or its collection, use, or disclosure of a Member’s data, the Member should contact Member Support.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    1.2Participating Properties and Brands     1.2.a. “Participating Properties” are hotels, resorts, and other transient stay properties operated under the brands below that are owned, managed, franchised or licensed by Marriott International (“Participating Brands”) and are bookable through Marriott Channels unless otherwise stated (see 1.2.b.). Residences properties (“Residences”), whether offered as whole or fractional ownership, as serviced apartments, or condominiums, are by nature, not transient stay properties and therefore, do not participate in the Loyalty Program unless otherwise outlined below. The Participating Properties and Participating Brands include:

i.     The Ritz-Carlton - all locations except for:

A.    The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach participates in the Loyalty Program as follows:

(1) Earn Points or Miles as described in Section 2
(2) Redeem Points as described in Section 3
(3) Members receive benefits as defined in Section 4 except for the following:
Complimentary Enhanced Room Upgrades, Late Checkout, Suite Night Awards, and Your24.

B.    The Ritz-Carlton Destination Club properties - earning partner for Elite Night Credit (as defined by 2.1.a.) only for Members staying at The Ritz-Carlton Destination Club locations under their ownership benefit; no Points redemption and no Points or Miles earning

C.     The Ritz-Carlton Yacht Collection - earning and redemption partner with unique participation in the Loyalty Program as expressly identified in their separate terms of service (“RCYC Terms”). Members who book and complete reservations through RCYC are subject to the Program Rules, these RCYC Terms, as well as the legal information found on The Ritz-Carlton Yacht Collection.

D.    The following properties do not participate in the Loyalty Program:

●    The Ritz-Carlton, Millennia Singapore
●     The Ritz-Carlton Reserve properties
●     The Ritz-Carlton Residences, except as noted above
●     The following partner properties:

○     Hotel Ritz-London - London, UK
○     Bulgari Hotels and Resorts - all locations

ii.     St. Regis - all locations except for:

●    The St. Regis Residence Club properties - earning partner for Elite Night Credit (as defined by 2.1.a.) only; no Points redemption and no Points or Miles earning
●    The St. Regis Residences do not participate in the Loyalty Program

iii.     EDITION - all locations except for:

●    EDITION Residences do not participate in the Loyalty Program

iv.     The Luxury Collection - all locations except for:

●    The Luxury Collection Residences do not participate in the Loyalty Program

v.     W - all locations except for:

●    W Residences do not participate in the Loyalty Program

vi.     JW Marriott - all locations

vii.     Marriott Hotels - all locations except for:

●    Marriott Residences do not participate in the Loyalty Program

viii.     Sheraton - all locations except for:

●    Sheraton Residences do not participate in the Loyalty Program

ix.     Marriott Vacation Club and Marriott Grand Residence Club - all locations except for:

A.     Grand Residences by Marriott  Mayfair-London, UK

B.     Marriott Vacation Club at The Empire Place©, Bangkok, Thailand

Marriott Vacation Club and Marriott Grand Residence Club properties which participate have limited on-property benefits as outlined in Section 4 and Section 7.

x.         Delta Hotels by Marriott - all locations

xi.     Le Méridien - all locations except for:

●    Le Méridien Residences do not participate in the Loyalty Program

xii.     Westin - all locations except for:

●    Westin properties that are part of All-Inclusive by Marriott Bonvoy (see 1.2.a.xxxiv) participate in the Loyalty Program in a unique capacity as expressly identified in their separate terms of service (“All-Inclusive by Marriott Terms”).

●    Westin Residences do not participate in the Loyalty Program.

xiii.     Autograph Collection Hotels - all locations except for:

A.    The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas participates in the Loyalty Program as follows:

(1)     The only charges that qualify for Points are the following: Room rate, room service food and beverage, in-room movies, phone calls and in-room minibar purchases. Points cannot be earned on any other purchases at hotel outlets or for hotel services.

(2)     Points may be redeemed for all Qualifying Stays (defined in Section 2.1.d.) at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas.

(3)     Limited benefits are provided as described in Section 1.3, Section 3.7, Section 4, except for the breakfast option associated with the Elite Welcome Gift benefit which is not available, and Section 6.4.

(4)     Members who hold dual membership in both the Marriott Bonvoy Loyalty Program and The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Identity Program can choose to receive the benefits of, and apply their room charges and in-room consumable earnings to, either program, but cannot concurrently receive the benefits of nor apply earnings to both. Marriott Bonvoy and the Identity Program are two separate loyalty programs; therefore accounts may not be linked or merged. Members may elect to earn Marriott Bonvoy Points and receive Marriott Bonvoy program benefits by providing their Membership Number at the time of reservation.

B.    Autograph Collection Residences do not participate in the Loyalty Program

xiv.      Design Hotels - all locations identified as a property which participates in the Loyalty Program are listed here and participate as follows:  

A.      Earn Points or Miles as described in Section 2

B.      Redeem for Free Night Awards only as described in Section 3

C.      Provide limited benefits as described in Section 1.3 and Section 4

xv.      Renaissance Hotels - all locations

xvi.      Tribute Portfolio - all locations

xvii.      Gaylord Hotels - all locations

xviii.      Courtyard - all locations

xix.      Four Points - all locations

xx.      SpringHill Suites - all locations

xxi.      Protea Hotels - all locations

There are additional terms and conditions for Prokard Explorer members who are also Loyalty Program Members as outlined in Section 1.3.

xxii.      Fairfield by Marriott - all locations

xxiii.      AC Hotels - all locations

xxiv.      Aloft Hotels - all locations

xxv.      Moxy Hotels - all locations

xxvi.      Residence Inn - all locations

xxvii.     TownePlace Suites - all locations

xxviii.     Element - all locations

xxix.     Marriott Conference Centers - all locations except for:

●     Rotary House Hotel, Houston, TX

xxx.     Vistana properties  the following Vistana properties participate in the Loyalty Program. Properties that participate provide limited on-property benefits as outlined in Section 4 and Section 7.

●    Phoenician, Residences, a Luxury Collection Residence Club, Scottsdale - earning partner for Elite Night Credit (as defined by 2.1.a.) only; no Points redemption and no Points or Miles earning
●    Sheraton Broadway Plantation Resort Villas
●    Sheraton Desert Oasis Villas, Scottsdale
●    Sheraton Kauai Resort
●    Sheraton Lakeside Terrace Villas at Mountain Vista, Avon, Vail Valley
●    Sheraton Mountain Vista Villas, Avon/Vail Valley
●    Sheraton PGA Vacation Resort, Port St. Lucie
●    Sheraton Steamboat Resort Villas
●    Sheraton Vistana Resort Villas, Lake Buena Vista/Orlando
●    Sheraton Vistana Villages Resort Villas, I-Drive/Orlando
●    St. Regis Residence Club, Aspen  earning partner for Elite Night Credit (as defined by 2.1.a.) only; no Points redemption and no Points or Miles earning
●    St. Regis Residence Club, New York  earning partner for Elite Night Credit (as defined by 2.1.a.) only; no Points redemption and no Points or Miles earning
●    The Westin Desert Willow Villas, Palm Desert
●    The Westin Ka'anapali North Villas
●    The Westin Ka'anapali Ocean Resort Villas
●    The Westin Kierland Villas
●    The Westin Lagunamar Ocean Resort Villas & Spa, Cancun
●    The Westin Los Cabos Resort Villas & Spa
●    The Westin Mission Hills Resort Villas, Palm Springs
●    The Westin Nanea Ocean Villas, Ka'anapali
●    The Westin Princeville Ocean Resort Villas
●    The Westin Riverfront Mountain Villas, Beaver Creek Mountain
●    The Westin St. John Resort & Villas
●    Vistana Beach Club

xxxi.     Non-branded properties - the following non-branded properties participate:

A. Certain transient stay properties operate in agreement with the Company and are not under a Participating Brand but are bookable through Marriott Channels (noted in 1.2.b) or Marriott Websites (noted in 1.2.c). Unless otherwise indicated through the Marriott Channels and Marriott Websites, these non-branded properties participate in Marriott Bonvoy based on the Participating Brand or All-Inclusive Resort they will convert to at a later date.

B. Atlantis, Paradise Island, Bahamas participates in the Loyalty Program as follows:

(1) Points or Miles may be earned for reservations booked through www.marriott.com/atlantis/travel.mi, by calling +1 (855) 696-4732, or booked through Atlantis Paradise Vacations, by calling +1 (800) ATLANTIS or +1 (800) 285-2684. Points cannot be redeemed for reservations booked through Atlantis Paradise Vacations. Points or Miles will not be earned and Points cannot be redeemed for reservations booked through AtlantisBahamas.com.

(2) Points or Miles may be earned and Points may be redeemed for stays at The Coral at Atlantis; The Royal at Atlantis; and The Cove at Atlantis.

(3) Redemption stays at The Coral at Atlantis; The Royal at Atlantis; and The Cove at Atlantis will include a single or double standard room, including the cost of the hotel room, room tax. Extra-person charges for the third, fourth, or more guests in the room is an additional fee and not included in the award redemption as form of payment. This fee as well as all other property charges, including resort fees and service charges are the responsibility of the Loyalty Program Member and are not included in the stay.

(4) Points or Miles may be earned on room rate only. The Reef at Atlantis, The Beach at Atlantis, and Harborside at Atlantis do not participate in the Loyalty Program.

(5)Limited benefits are provided as described in Section 1.3, Section 3.7, Section 4, except for the breakfast option associated with the Elite Welcome Gift benefit which is not available, and Section 6.4.

xxxii.     Marriott Executive Apartments - Base Points and Miles earning partner only (no Points redemption or on-property Elite benefits including Elite bonus Points)

xxxiii. Homes & Villas by Marriott International  short-term home rentals provided through https://homesandvillasbymarriott.com have limited participation in the Loyalty Program as outlined in the HVMI Terms of Service. Members who book through the HVMI website are subject in all respects to the Program Rules and the HVMI Terms of Service.

xxxiv.     All-Inclusive by Marriott Bonvoy  Unless otherwise indicated, resort properties identified on https://all-inclusive.marriott.com participate in the Loyalty Program (“All-Inclusive Resorts”) in a unique capacity as expressly stated in their separate terms of service (“All-Inclusive by Marriott Terms”). Members who book and stay at an All-Inclusive Resort are subject in all respects to the Program Rules and the All-Inclusive by Marriott Terms.

1.2.b. “Marriott Channels” are collectively the Marriott Websites, the Mobile Apps, and the Customer Engagement Centers (which include Member Support).

1.2.c. “Marriott Website” is a website operated by or on behalf of the Company or a Loyalty Program Participating Property and currently includes these websites: Marriott.com, RitzCarlton.com, stregis.com, editionhotels.com, theluxurycollection.com, bulgarihotels.com, whotels.com, jwmarriott.com, marriotthotels.com, sheraton.com, deltahotels.com, lemeridien.com, westin.com, autographhotels.com, design-hotels.marriott.com, renhotels.com, tributeportfolio.com, gaylordhotels.com, courtyard.com, fourpoints.com, springhillsuites.com, proteahotels.com, fairfield.marriott.com, achotels.marriott.com, alofthotels.com, moxyhotels.com, marriottexecutiveapartments.com, residenceinn.marriott.com, TownePlaceSuites.com, elementhotelshub.com, homesandvillasbymarriott.com, all-inclusive.marriott.com, and MarriottBonvoy.com.

1.2.d. A “Mobile App” is a downloadable application operated by or on behalf of the Company in connection with the Loyalty Program including, without limitation, the iPhone and Android versions thereof.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    1.3   Benefits of Membership     1.3.a. Member Support. Loyalty Program Members will have access to Member service telephone numbers for reservations, customer service and award redemption requests on the Member Support Website.

1.3.b. Member Rates.

i.     Member Rates.  Loyalty Program Members will receive an exclusive, preferred rate ("Member Rate") when they book rooms through a MarriottChannel. Member Rates are available at Participating Properties and Brands except at Atlantis, Paradise Island, Bahamas, The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, Design Hotels, and Homes & Villas by Marriott International. Advance reservations are required.

A.      Member Rate offers a discount of at least two percent (2%) on weekdays and up to five percent (5%) on weekends. The Ritz-Carlton, St. Regis, and EDITION offer 2% all days of the week.

B.      Member Rate is applied to the Participating Property's lowest applicable available public rates for non-premium rooms.

C.      Member Rate must be booked by the Member using the appropriate Member Rate category.

D.      Member Rates do not apply to groups of ten (10) or more guest rooms.

E.      Member Rate may not be combined with other select promotions, offers or discounts, and is not valid for existing reservations or groups.

F.      Member Rate does not apply to qualified transient rates such as government rates, negotiated rates, AAA rates, and the Senior Discount rate.

1.3.c.  Complimentary In-Room Internet Access.  A Member who books a stay at a Participating Property through a Marriott Channel will receive complimentary standard in-room internet access during the stay, and Marriott Bonvoy Gold Elite, Marriott Bonvoy Platinum Elite, Marriott Bonvoy Titanium Elite, Marriott Bonvoy Ambassador Elite Members, and any co-brand credit card holder that has premium internet access as a benefit, will receive complimentary enhanced in-room internet access regardless of booking method (collectively, the "Internet Access Benefit"). The additional exclusions set forth below apply.

i.      The Internet Access Benefit is limited to one (1) guest room per eligible Member per stay regardless of how many rooms have been reserved, and the Member must stay in the guest room and pay for the charges.  The Internet Access Benefit is not applicable for meeting rooms.

ii.      No additional Internet Access Benefit will be provided at Participating Properties and Brands that offer complimentary in-room Internet access to all guests.

iii.      Participating Properties that provide complimentary in-room internet access to all guests include:  EDITION, Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club, Vistana properties, Courtyard, Four Points, SpringHill Suites, Protea Hotels, Fairfield by Marriott, Aloft, Moxy Hotels, Residence Inn, TownePlace Suites, Element and Homes & Villas by Marriott International.

iv.      Participating Properties that have mandatory resort charges, which include internet access, will provide a replacement benefit, to be determined at each Participating Property's discretion.

v.      Participating Properties that offer complimentary standard in-room internet access to Gold Elite, Platinum Elite, Titanium Elite and Ambassador Elite Members only include: Atlantis, Paradise Island, Bahamas and The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, NV.

vi.      Participating Properties and Brands with limited participation in complimentary in-room internet access include:  Delta Hotels.

vii.      Participating Properties and Brands that do not offer complimentary in-room internet access include:  Mulu Marriott Resort & Spa, Malaysia.

viii.      Properties and Brands that do not participate in the Loyalty Program pursuant to Section 1.2 do not offer the Internet Access Benefit for Members.

1.3.d. Benefits through Other Marketing Programs.

i.      Prokard Explorer.  Prokard Explorer is a marketing program which offers its members benefits that are valid only at participating properties within the Protea Hotels portfolio.  Prokard Explorer operates both as a stand-alone program as well as in conjunction with the Loyalty Program.

A.      Prokard Explorer has no earn and redeem points benefits.  Guests who are members of both Prokard Explorer and the Loyalty Program can only earn and redeem Points or Miles with the Loyalty Program.

B.      When staying at a participating Protea Hotel, guests who are members of both Prokard Explorer and the Loyalty Program can (a) choose to earn Loyalty Program Points or Miles, and (b) receive benefits from both programs.  Prokard Explorer benefits include dining discounts, preferential rates, and accommodation vouchers.  Loyalty Program benefits are based on the membership tier as outlined in Sections 1.3 and 4.

C.      All Loyalty Program Rules apply.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    1.4   Conditions of Enrollment     1.4.a.  Completing the Enrollment Application.  An individual may apply to enroll in the Loyalty Program by fully and accurately completing an application on the Loyalty Program website, at a Participating Property, or through another enrollment channel.  The Company may deny membership in the Loyalty Program to any applicant in its sole discretion and without written notice.

1.4.b.  Individual Membership.  Only individuals are eligible for Loyalty Program membership, and each individual may maintain only one Membership Account. All Loyalty Member Accounts are individual Accounts and no joint Accounts are permitted. Loyalty Program benefits are non-transferable unless expressly stated otherwise.

1.4.c.  Types of Membership

i.     Tier Membership.  A tier membership is the base membership level in the Loyalty Program.

ii.     Elite Membership.  Upon reaching certain milestones, a Member will earn elite membership status and become a Silver Elite, Gold Elite, Platinum Elite, Titanium Elite or Ambassador Elite Member (collectively, “Elite Membership Status,” or “Elite Status”). The requirements for earning Elite Status are set forth in Section 4.

iii.     Lifetime Elite Membership.  Upon reaching certain milestones, a Member may earn Lifetime Silver Elite, Lifetime Gold Elite, or Lifetime Platinum (collectively, “Lifetime Elite Membership Status,” or “Lifetime Elite Status”). The requirements for earning Lifetime Elite Status are set forth in Section 4.

iv.     Managed Associate Membership. Employees of the Company and associates working at Marriott owned, leased, licensed and managed locations (collectively, “Managed Associates,” and individually an “Managed Associate”) may participate in the Loyalty Program through: (1) a Membership Account identified as an Managed Associate ("Managed Associate Membership"); (2) timeshare ownership in Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club, or Vistana Networks; or (3) with an active Marriott Bonvoy co-branded credit card account where available. Managed Associate Membership Accounts are able to participate in the Loyalty Program in accordance with the Program Rules subject to restrictions and limitations identified in the Managed Associate Rules available for review on the Company’s intranet and other Marriott Channels.

v.     Corporate Membership.  Only individuals are eligible to participate in the Loyalty Program.  Corporations, groups and/or associated entities cannot enroll as Loyalty Program Members.  When traveling on business, it is a Member’s responsibility to comply with his or her company policy concerning travel programs.  Information regarding a Member’s accumulation of Points or Miles for business travel is subject to disclosure to the Member’s company subject to applicable law and regulations.

1.4.d.  Assignment of Membership Account and Membership Number.  After applying to the Loyalty Program, a Membership Account will be opened and a Membership Number will be assigned to each applicant.  Upon receiving this Membership Number, an individual becomes a Member eligible to earn Points or any currency used by an airline’s frequent flyer program (“Miles”) at Participating Properties.  Further details are outlined in Section 1.5 and Section 2.

 1.4.e.  Duplicate Accounts.  An individual may join the Loyalty Program. However, a Member may not have one or more duplicate Accounts under the Loyalty Program at any time.

i.     If more than one Loyalty Program Membership Number is assigned to an individual for the Loyalty Program, he/she will only receive Points or Miles for one Membership Account. Duplicate Membership Accounts may be cancelled.

ii.     A Member with individual Membership Accounts in the Loyalty Program will not be able to link these Accounts, transfer points across Accounts, or have Elite Status matched. The Member must combine them into a single Membership Account with one number, one Elite Status, and one Points balance. Combining Accounts can requested through the online form. Combining Membership Accounts cannot be done at Participating Properties, through the Mobile App, or other booking channels.

iii.     When Members combine their Loyalty Program Membership Accounts, the Account details will immediately begin to be combined and some will be available instantly (Points, Nights, Elite Status, Upcoming Reservations), or within a few days (suite night awards, Free Night Award certificates, past activity, and Mobile key & guest services).

1.4.f.  Personal Profile.  Information provided by a Member will be maintained in a personal preference profile with the Membership Account.  All information provided by a Member in his/her personal profile must be valid and accurate and must be kept current. 

i.     A Member may change his/her address by changing his/her information on the Account Profile on the Loyalty Program website or contact  Member Support. In certain instances, address changes may require supporting legal documentation.

ii.     Name changes to a Membership Account must include supporting legal documentation, signature, date and Membership Number.  More information is in our Frequently Asked Questions or Member Support.

iii.     Credit card information included in a Member’s profile will be used by Participating Properties to guarantee the Member’s stay and to pay for stay charges, unless the Member provides a different credit card when the reservation is made, at check-in or at check-out.  A Member may change his/her credit card authorization for future transactions by changing his/her information in the Account Profile on the Loyalty Program website or by contacting Member Support. A Member must notify the Company if the authorized credit card is lost, stolen, invalidated or expired.

1.4.g.  Use of Information Collected in Application.  The information a Member provides to the Company when completing the Loyalty Program application and redeeming Points is processed in accordance with the Company’s Privacy Statement.  Communication of relevant information is important to administering the Loyalty Program and providing each Member with the opportunity to maximize the benefits of Membership.  The Loyalty Program will only disclose Member information to:  the Company, person(s) authorized by the Member; franchisees, fulfillment houses, email service providers and mail houses that process mail for such entities; Authorized Licensees (as defined in the Company’s Privacy Statement); and marketing companies that provide services to the Company.  Member information will, in each case, only be disclosed for one or more of the following purposes:  1) in order to better service the Membership Account and the Member’s preferences by keeping the Member informed of Account status and activities through printed or electronic statements; 2) to assess a Member’s entitlement to benefits; 3) to collect and process Member charges incurred at the Company’s facilities; 4) to offer a Member additional products and services; 5) to send periodic satisfaction or market research surveys; and/or 6) to offer a Member products or services from select reputable companies with whom the Loyalty Program has a strategic relationship because the Loyalty Program believes their offerings will be of interest to the Member.  In choosing to become a Loyalty Program Member, the Member consents to receive all the types of information described above, but the Member will be given the opportunity to define and modify mailing and other communication preferences.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    1.5   Membership Communications     1.5.a.  New Members will receive Marriott Bonvoy Loyalty Program communications. Legacy Program Members will no longer receive Legacy Program communications and instead will receive Marriott Bonvoy Loyalty Program communications.

1.5.b.  All Loyalty Program communications will be sent to a Member’s mailing address or email address currently provided in the Member’s Account.  Communications delivered to the address on file will be deemed to have been received one (1) business day after sending it if delivered to the Member’s email address or five (5) business days after sending it if delivered to the mailing address provided.  Members must keep their email and mailing addresses current.  Neither the Company nor the Loyalty Program shall have any responsibility for misdirected or lost mail or any consequences thereof.

1.5.c.  Members will receive regular Points balance reports by email, provided there has been a transaction on the Account since the last Points balance report and the Member provided the Company with the appropriate permission to contact the Member via email.

1.5.d.  The Company may also send Members promotions, offers and other communications from time to time, which may include, without limitation, items from third parties.  The items from third parties are based on the information provided to the Company by a Member and any additional data the Company may maintain.  Members may change personal details and communications preferences at any time in the Account Profile  on the  Loyalty Program website  or by contacting Member Support; however, the Company may require a Member to send supporting documentation prior to allowing certain changes (e.g., legal name changes).

1.5.e.  Any time a Member contacts Member Support, the Company may ask the Member certain security questions to verify the Member’s identity.  Member Support may monitor or record telephone calls to improve quality of service.

1.5.f.  A Member can review his/her Points balance and transaction history and update personal details and preferences in the Account Profile on the Loyalty Program website. A Membership Number or his/her user name and password are required to access the website.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    1.6   Earning Points or Miles.       Members may earn Points (the currency of the Loyalty Program), or Miles (the currency of airline frequent flyer programs, including any currency whether it be miles, kilometers, points, etc., with the participating frequent flyer program of their choice), for eligible charges at a Participating Property in accordance with Section 2.

1.6.a. Points and Miles Subject to Program Rules. As set forth in Section 1.1.a., the accumulation of Points and Miles is subject to the Program Rules and airline frequent flyer program terms and conditions. Each Loyalty Program Member is responsible for reading the Program Rules, newsletters, and Account statements in order to understand his or her rights, responsibilities, and status in the Loyalty Program, as well as the structure for earning Awards.

1.6.b. Taxes. Points, Miles and Awards earned through participating in the Loyalty Program may be subject to tax liability. Any tax liability, including disclosure, connected with the receipt or use of Points, Miles or Awards is the sole responsibility of the Member.

1.6.c. Conditions for Transferring Points and Miles. Accrued Points and Miles do not constitute property of the Member. Points accrued by a Loyalty Program Member are for the Member’s benefit only and may not be transferred to anyone except as provided below.

i.      Transferring Points to Accounts of Family or Friends. There is a limited exception to the restriction on the transfer of a Member’s Points to the accounts of friends or family, provided both Accounts are in good standing. See Section 2.8 for more information.

ii.      Death. In the event of a Member’s death, the Company may, in its sole discretion, allow unredeemed Points from the deceased Member’s Account to be transferred to a family member or a friend who is an active Member upon the Company’s receipt and review of all requested documentation and communications. Awards, Elite Membership Status, Lifetime Membership Status, and the related benefits, including, without limitation, Elite Night Credit, will not transfer to the recipient of the Points.

iii.      Divorce. In the event of a Member’s adjudicated divorce settlement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, allow unredeemed Points to be transferred from one Member’s Account to another Member’s Account upon the Company’s receipt and review of all requested documentation and communications including, without limitation, legal documents directing such a transfer of Points. Awards, Elite Membership Status, Lifetime Membership Status, and the related benefits, including, without limitation, Elite Night Credit, will not transfer to the recipient of the Points.

iv.      Members are prohibited from bartering or selling Points for cash or other consideration pursuant to Section 1.7.h.

v.      Any Points which the Loyalty Program deems in its sole discretion to have been transferred in violation of the Loyalty Program Terms and Conditions may be confiscated.

 1.6.d. Points Expiration Policy. Members must remain active in the Loyalty Program to retain Points they accumulate. If a Member Account is inactive for twenty-four (24) consecutive months, that Member Account will forfeit all accumulated Points. Members can remain active in the Loyalty Program and retain accumulated Points by earning Points or Miles, redeeming Points, or purchasing Points (as described in 2.9) in the Loyalty Program at least once every twenty-four (24) months, subject to the exceptions described below. If a Member does not maintain an active status for five (5) consecutive years, the Member’s Account may be deactivated. Once Points are forfeited, the Points cannot be reinstated, but a Member can earn new Points, unless that Member’s Account has been deactivated.

i.      Not all Points activities help maintain active status in the Loyalty Program. Examples of activities that do not count toward maintaining an active status in the Loyalty Program include, but are not limited to:

A.      Gifting or transferring Points; however, converting Points to Miles or Miles to Points does count toward maintaining an active status;

B.      Receiving Points as a gift or transfer

ii.      Awards redeemed by a Member prior to Point forfeiture are still valid even though the Award may not yet have been fulfilled at the time of Point forfeiture.

iii.      The Points expiration policy does not currently affect Points in a Lifetime Elite Membership Account; however, the Loyalty Program may choose to apply a Points expiration policy to Lifetime Elite Membership Accounts in the future.

iv.      Points issued or earned through Vistana, including, without limitation, tour incentives, purchase incentives, Marriott Bonvoy Conversion, sweepstakes and other giveaway prizes, will expire six (6) years following the date they are deposited into a Member’s Account, regardless of Member activity. All such Points or any portion thereof, which have not been redeemed by their six (6) year expiration period, will be forfeited without notice.           
                          
                        
                        
                                                
                        
                        
                        
                          
                            
                            
                                       1.6.e.  Airline Frequent Flyer Program Terms and Conditions.  The program rules of affiliated airline frequent flyer programs control the redemption and distribution of any Miles earned or transferred.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    1.7   Other Conditions of Enrollment     1.7.a.  Cancelling or Suspending Membership Accounts

i.        Cancelling by Member. A Member may cancel his/her membership in the Loyalty Program at any time by sending written notice of cancellation to Member Support. All unredeemed Points, Redemption Awards, and promotional Awards as well as achieved member status, including Elite Status and Lifetime Elite Status, will be forfeited immediately and may not be reinstated or transferred.

ii.        Cancelling or Suspending by the Company. The Company may cancel a Member’s accumulated Points, suspend Loyalty Program benefits, suspend Elite Membership Status, suspend Lifetime Elite Membership Status (which will subsequently also remove protection against the forfeiture of Points should the member become inactive as described in Section 1.5.d. or cancel a Member’s Account at any time with immediate effect and without written notice, for any reason and in the Company's sole discretion including, without limitation, if the Company believes the Member has:

A.        Acted in a manner inconsistent with applicable laws, regulations, ordinances;

B.        Failed to pay any hotel or other bill when due to the Company or a Participating Property or failed to fulfill a Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club or a Vistana Network financial obligation;

C.        Acted in an inappropriate, fraudulent, abusive or hostile manner;

D.        Breached or violated any of these Program Rules or the Website Terms of Use;

E.        Fraudulently claimed eligibility to earn benefits through Marriott BonvoyTM Events; or

F.        Engaged in any misconduct or wrongdoing in connection with the Loyalty Program including, without limitation, with respect to Points, Elite Night Credit, Redemption Award usage, promotional Award usage, or any other Loyalty Program Member benefits.

iii.        Bankruptcy. Subject to applicable law, a Member’s membership in the Loyalty Program will terminate automatically upon the Member filing for bankruptcy or otherwise being subject to a bankruptcy proceeding.

iv.        Legal Action. Nothing contained in these Program Rules will limit the Company in the exercise of any legal or equitable rights or remedies.

1.7.b.  Effect of Membership Cancellation

i.        The Loyalty Program, Points, Redemption Awards, promotional Awards and other related benefits and services are the sole property of the Company, and are not the property of Members. On cancellation of membership in the Loyalty Program for any reason, all unredeemed Points, Redemption Awards and promotional Awards will be forfeited and a Member will no longer be able to participate in the Loyalty Program. Points, Redemption Awards and promotional Awards have no cash value and the Company will not compensate or pay cash for any forfeited or unused Points.

ii.        If the Company cancels a Member’s Account for any reason, the Member may not reapply for membership in the Loyalty Program except in very limited circumstances at Company’s sole discretion, and any Account opened in the Member’s name and Points, Redemption Awards and promotional Awards earned in that Account will be forfeited upon discovery.

iii.        If a Member cancels his/her Account, or if a Member Account becomes inactive as described in Section 1.5.d. the Member may reapply for membership in the Loyalty Program at a later date, but no Points, Redemption Awards and promotional Awards previously forfeited or expired will be reinstated to the Member Account and any Elite Membership Status and/or Lifetime Elite Membership Status will not be reinstated.

iv.        Any Elite Membership Status and Lifetime Elite Membership Status terminates upon cancellation of a Member Account.

1.7.c.  Modification of Program. Except as otherwise expressly prohibited or limited by applicable laws, the Company has the right to change, limit, modify or cancel the Loyalty Program Rules, Awards and Award levels at any time, with or without notice, even though such changes may affect the value of Points or Miles, or the ability to obtain certain Awards. Partner Programs similarly reserve the right to modify their own programs, which may impact your rights and expected benefits under the Loyalty Program. The Company and Partner Programs may, among other things: (i) increase or decrease the number of Points or Miles received for a stay or required for an Award; (ii) withdraw, limit, modify or cancel any Award; (iii) add blackout dates, limit rooms available for any Award at any Participating Property or otherwise restrict the continued availability of Awards; (iv) change program benefits, travel partners, locations served by the Company or its travel partners, conditions of participation, rules for earning, redeeming, retaining or forfeiting Points or Miles, or rules governing the use of Awards; (v) change or cancel its travel partner awards. In accumulating Points or Miles, Members may not rely upon the continued availability of any Award or Award level and category.

1.7.d.  Termination of Program. The Company may terminate the Loyalty Program with six (6) months' advance notice to all active Loyalty Members. At the Company’s sole discretion, the Company may choose to substitute a similar loyalty program for the Loyalty Program at any time immediately upon notice to active Loyalty Members. A Member may not accumulate Points or claim Redemption Awards, promotional Awards or Loyalty Program benefits or amenities after the termination of the Loyalty Program. If the Loyalty Program is terminated, all unredeemed Points will be forfeited without any obligation or liability, and no Redemption Award claims or promotional Award claims will be honored after the conclusion of the notice period. The Company may terminate any of the Loyalty Program in whole or in part, in any jurisdiction on less than six months' notice if required to do so by applicable law.

1.7.e.  Benefits Subject to Availability and Modification. All Loyalty Program benefits, amenities, offers, awards and services are subject to availability and may be changed at any time without notice.

1.7.f.  Eligibility to Receive Benefits. By accepting any Loyalty Program benefits, amenities, offers, awards or services, including, without limitation, any Points, Redemption Awards and promotional Awards, a Member acknowledges that he/she is responsible for determining whether he/she is eligible to receive, and that he/she is eligible to receive, such Loyalty Program benefits, amenities, offers, awards or services (including, without limitation, Points, Redemption Awards and promotional Awards) under applicable laws, gift policies and incentive policies. Each Member must immediately notify the Company if he/she is not eligible to receive any Loyalty Program benefits, amenities, offers, awards or services at any time.

1.7.g.  Eligibility Notification. A Member must promptly notify the Company in the event that (i) he/she is not eligible for any reason, including, without limitation, pursuant to any applicable laws, gift policies or incentive policies, to earn Points, Elite Membership Status, or any other benefits that a Member may earn under the Loyalty Program, or (ii) his/her Member Account has been credited with any Points, Elite Membership Status, or any other benefit that a Member may earn under the Loyalty Program that he/she has not earned or is not eligible to earn.

1.7.h.  No Sale or Transfer. Points, Redemption Awards, promotional Awards and other Member benefits may not be sold, bartered or transferred (other than by the Company or its agents). Any attempted transfer, sale or barter will be void and will be confiscated. The Company and its partners may refuse to honor or recognize any Points, Redemption Awards, promotional Awards or Member benefits which the Company believes may have been transferred, sold or bartered.           
                          
                        
                        
                                                
                        
                        
                        
                          
                            
                            
                                   2.EARN POINTS             
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    2.1      Earning Opportunities at Participating Properties     2.1.a. A Member will earn:

i.     Ten (10) base Points for each U.S. dollar, or the currency equivalent, that is incurred and paid for by the Member on Qualifying Charges in accordance with Section 2.1.b, except at Element, Residence Inn, TownePlace Suites and Homes & Villas by Marriott International, where a Member will earn five (5) base Points for each U.S. dollar spent on Qualifying Charges; and except at Marriott Executive Apartments properties where a Member will earn two and a half (2.5) base Points for each U.S. dollar spent on Qualifying Rates in accordance with 2.1.e; and

ii.     Elite bonus Points, provided the Member has met the Elite Membership Requirements for Elite Membership Status or Lifetime Elite Membership Status as outlined in Section 4.2. The amount of bonus Points a Member earns will depend on the Member’s achieved Elite Member Tier pursuant to Section 4.3. Available to Elite Members at all Participating Brands except as otherwise noted in Section 1.2.a.

iii.     Credits toward achieving the Elite Membership Requirements (“Elite Night Credits,” or individually, “Elite Night Credit”) for Elite Membership Status and Lifetime Elite Membership Status as outlined in Section 4.2. An Elite Night Credit is only earned on a night during a Qualifying Stay as described in 2.1.d (“Qualifying Night,” or for more than one night, “Qualifying Nights”).

2.1.b. Qualifying Charges. “Qualifying Charges” are:

i.     Charges incurred during a stay in a guest room at a Participating Property by a Member on his/her folio and up to two (2) additional guest rooms, including, without limitation, charges for:

A.     Qualifying Rates for Stays;

B.     Food and beverages (excluding alcoholic beverages where prohibited by law) and may exclude charges incurred at outlets that are not managed or operated by the Participating Property;

C.     Direct-dialed in-room telephone and direct-dialed in-room fax;

D.     In-room movies and video games;

provided the Member provides his/her Membership Number at the time of reservation or at check-in, stays in one of the reserved guest rooms, and pays for the charges; or

ii.    Charges incurred by the Member, without a stay in a guest room, for food and beverage (excluding alcoholic beverage where prohibited by law) at restaurants located at Participating Properties that offer this benefit if:

A.     the charges are greater than $10 U.S. dollars (excluding taxes, service charges, and gratuities);

B.     the food and beverages are not in connection with a banquet, meeting or other function that is excluded from Qualifying Charges as provided in Section 2.1.b. and

so long as the Member provides their Membership Number at the time of payment. Elite bonus Points will not be awarded on charges incurred by the Member without a stay in a guest room under Section 2.1.b(ii). Charges from food and beverage outlets managed or operated by a third party may not be eligible for earning Points. Charges incurred at outlets that are not located within the Participating Property or All-Inclusive Resort are not Qualifying Charges. Earning at restaurants without a stay is offered:

(1) In Asia Pacific: at Participating Brands of the Loyalty Program, except for Moxy, Element, Marriott Vacation Club, Design Hotels, Marriott Executive Apartments, and include restaurants and bars listed on https://marriottbonvoyasia.com/R+B (some exclusions may apply). Additional offers may be available to Members  on https://marriottbonvoyasia.com/. Members are subject to the terms and conditions of the offer and the Loyalty Program Rules; and

(2) In Europe, the Middle East and Africa: At restaurants and bars located within the Participating Properties as listed on https://www.morecravings.com/marriottbonvoy. Additional offers on the website may be available to Members. Members are subject to the terms and conditions of the offer and the Loyalty Program Rules; and

(3) In United States, Canada: At restaurants and bars at the following Participating Brands of the Loyalty Program: St. Regis, The Luxury Collection, W, Sheraton, Le Méridien, Westin, Tribute Portfolio, Four Points, Aloft and Element; and

(4) In the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America, South America: At restaurants and bars located within the Participating Properties as listed on https://hotel-deals.marriott.com/cala-off-folio-earnings/. Additional offers on the website may be available to Members. Members are subject to the terms and conditions of the offer and the Loyalty Program Rules; or

iii.    Charges incurred as part of the all-inclusive package during a stay in a guest room by a Member on his or her folio and up to two (2) additional guest rooms paid by the Member at All-Inclusive Resorts and Participating Properties offering all-inclusive packages year-round and designated by the Company as all-inclusive property. Qualifying Charges for stays at these all-inclusive properties include, without limitation, charges for:

• Qualifying Rates for Stays;

• Premium food and beverages (excluding alcoholic beverages where prohibited by law) purchased at the property in addition to the Qualifying Rate;

• Extra-person charges on paid stays at a Qualifying Rate;

• Spa, Golf, and other resort-run activities if managed by the Participating Property;

• Taxes, service charges and gratuities that are part of the qualifying room package rate; and

• In certain limited cases, taxes, service charges, gratuities, and/or fees related to other incidentals charged to the room bill may be eligible for earning Points;

so long as the Member provides their Membership Number at the time of reservation or at check-in, stays in one of the reserved guest rooms, and pays for the charges. Charges from food and beverage outlets managed or operated by a third party may not be eligible for earning Points. Charges incurred at outlets that are not located within the Participating Property or All-Inclusive Resort are not Qualifying Charges.

2.1.c. Non-Qualifying Charges. Charges which do not qualify for Points include any complimentary services, Points redemption Awards, promotional Awards or any other fees or charges including, without limitation: (A) charges for banquets, meetings or other functions, with the exception of Points earned in connection with a Qualifying Event Agreement as described in Section 5; (B) other fees paid including, without limitation, parking, business center, retail stores, and other third-party services; (C) room rate related taxes, service charges, gratuities, fees (e.g. late cancellation fee or no-show fees for not checking in for guaranteed reservations even if the reservations were paid in full), mandatory or automatic charges (e.g., resort charges) and other applicable charges, including certain room and other taxes and fees that are not part of a qualifying all-inclusive room package rate; in certain limited cases, taxes, service charges, gratuities, and/or fees related to other incidentals charged to the room bill, as well as taxes, service charges and gratuities that are part of a qualifying all-inclusive room package rate, may be eligible for Points; and (D) charges outlined in Section 8.1 for Homes & Villas by Marriott International.

2.1.d. Qualifying Stay. A “Stay" or “Qualifying Stay” means all consecutive nights a Member registers for, and personally pays and stays at any Participating Property, for which (i) the room is billed to the Member, or (ii) the guest room is direct billed to the company who has arranged payment for the Member’s stay that is not associated with a convention or group meeting.

i.     A “Stay” is a stay of one or more consecutive nights at the same Participating Property by a Member who: (A) provides his/her Membership Number at the time of reservation or at check-in; (B) pays a Qualifying Rate or redeems a Points redemption Award or a promotional Award for the stay; and (C) stays in one of the reserved guest rooms. If a Member checks out of a guest room and then checks back in to a guest room at the same Participating Property within 24 hours, it will count as a single stay for purposes of calculating Stays and issuing Member benefits. A Member may only earn Points for up to three (3) guest rooms during any Stay if he/she stays in one of the reserved guest rooms and pays a Qualifying Rate or redeems a Points redemption Award or a promotional Award for all of the guest rooms.

ii.     A “Qualifying Stay” is a credit pursuant to these Program Rules that counts toward earning Elite Night Credit. Except as otherwise noted, Members will only earn credit for each Qualifying Night (i) which is part of a Stay at a Qualifying Rate (as described in 2.1.e.), for the guest room the Member personally pays for and stays in, and not for any additional guest rooms, or (ii) for the guest room direct billed to the company who has arranged payment for the Member’s stay that is not associated with a convention or group meeting. Members do not receive Elite Night Credit on stays at Non-Qualifying Rates (see 2.1.f.). MVC Owners and Vistana Owners may also earn Elite Night Credit as provided in Section 7.1 and 7.2. Members staying at The Ritz-Carlton Destination Club locations under their ownership benefit earn Elite Night Credit as provided in Section 1.2.a.

iii.     Members cannot earn or receive benefits at multiple Participating Properties for the same stay date(s).

iv.     Only one Member per guest room can earn Points/Miles and Elite Night Credit, as well as receive benefits. If there is more than one Member staying in the same guest room, the Members must decide upon check-in whose Membership Number will be applied to the guest room provided it is the same Member who will be paying the bill.

 2.1.e. Qualifying Rates. A “Qualifying Rate” is the rate a Member pays for a Stay in a guest room at a Participating Property which qualifies to earn Points or Miles. Qualifying Rates include most business and leisure rates, such as rates found on Marriott.com without an application of a discount code, Standard and Premium Retail rates, Advanced Purchase rates, Corporate negotiated rates, and national/regional/local Government rates. Unless otherwise specifically stated, Members will receive their membership tier benefits during stays on Qualifying Rates.

i.     At participating Design HotelsTM, Members earn Points or Miles on Qualifying Charges only on Stays at a Qualifying Rate. Members do not earn Points or Miles on Stays at a Non-Qualifying Rate at participating Design HotelsTM even if they incur Qualifying Charges such as for incidental spend.

ii.     At Marriott Executive Apartments, Members earn Points or Miles on the Qualifying Rate only even if they incur Qualifying Charges.

2.1.f. Non-Qualifying Rates. A “Non-Qualifying Rate” is a rate a Member pays for a Stay in a guest room at a Participating Property which does not qualify to earn Points or Miles, as well as membership tier benefits. Non-Qualifying Rates are those booked using the following methods:

i.     The guest room was booked through a tour operator, online travel channel or other third-party channel including, without limitation, expedia.com, hotwire.com, priceline.com, orbitz.com, booking.com, travelocity.com; or

ii.     The guest room was booked at a group rate as part of an event, meeting, conference or organized tour, and the Member does not directly pay the Participating Property for such room; or

iii.     The guest room was booked at a tour operator, wholesaler, or crew room rate or package including, without limitation, Fam-Tastic rates, Plan-Tastic rates, travel industry rates and organized tours or package bookings; or

iv.     The guest room was complimentary; or

v.     A voucher or third-party award was redeemed for the guest room.

2.1.g. Points will not be given, or Awards honored, at any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company other than at Participating Properties, unless otherwise advertised. If a hotel or other property ceases to be a Participating Property, all stays subsequent to such date will not be eligible to earn Points regardless of when the reservation was made. See Section 9.5 for additional terms.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    2.2      Earn One Currency.     A Member may earn only one currency - Points or Miles.  A Member may not earn both Points and Miles for the same stay.  A Member may switch from earning Points to Miles, or vice versa, before a given Stay by updating his or her Membership profile or by contacting Member Support. A Member will begin earning the new “currency” (Points or Miles) with the next Stay. Previous earnings will not be converted to the new currency.  If the Member wishes to “convert” Points into Miles, he or she may do so in accordance with Section 3.11.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    2.3      Earning Miles instead of Points.       Membership Accounts are initially set up to earn Points. Members can change their earning preference to Points or Miles through their Membership profile online. When choosing to earn Miles instead of Points for Qualifying Stays, Members must also designate a  participating airline frequent flyer program  and corresponding account number in the Member profile to which the Member’s Miles will be credited.  When this is completed, Points earned for future Qualifying Stays will be converted to Miles automatically, with the exception of Elite Welcome Gift of Points which remain in the Member’s Account as Points until the Member initiates the transfer to Miles. Once Miles have been awarded to the designated participating airline frequent flyer program, they may not be changed to another designated participating airline frequent flyer program or converted to Loyalty Program Points. For details on joining participating airline frequent flyer programs, please refer to the particular airline’s loyalty program terms and conditions.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    2.4      Marriott Bonvoy Events.     A Member can earn Points or Miles and Qualifying Nights for eligible groups, meetings and events if the Member is an eligible meeting planner pursuant to Section 5.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    2.5      Individual Earning for Qualifying Charges and Qualifying Nights     2.5.a.  No other person except the Member may earn Points/Miles on Qualifying Charges and Elite Night Credit on Qualifying Nights for his/her Membership Account.  Points/Miles and Elite Night Credit for a room shared by two Loyalty Program Members will only be awarded to one Loyalty Program Member.

2.5.b.  Point/Miles and Elite Night Credit accrual is limited to individual travel and the room must be paid for individually by the Member or direct billed to the company who has arranged payment for the Member’s stay that is not associated with a convention or group meeting.

2.5.c.  If the Member attends a convention or group meeting and individually pays the hotel or other property directly for the room, he/she will be eligible to receive Points/Miles and Elite Night Credits for the Stay.  However, contract rooms, rooms reserved by corporations on an ongoing basis, and master-billed rooms are not eligible to earn Points/Miles and Elite Night Credit.

2.5.d.  Military rates at certain overseas locations are subject to local restrictions and may be ineligible for Points/Miles and Elite Night Credit.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    2.6      Credit for Stays or Qualifying Events Completed Prior to Enrollment.     2.6.a. Points/Miles and Elite Night Credit may be earned for stays completed within thirty (30) days prior to the Member’s enrollment in the Loyalty Program as described further in Section 9.3, if such credit is requested through Member Support, along with a copy of the paid receipt for the stay, within sixty (60) days of the stay.  Additional documentation may be necessary.

2.6.b. Points/Miles and Elite Night Credit may be earned for Qualifying Events (see Section 5.4) completed within thirty (30) days prior to the Member’s enrollment in the Loyalty Program as described further in Section 9.3, if such credit is requested through the property where the Qualifying Event was held, along with a copy of the paid receipt for the Qualifying Event, within sixty (60) days of the Qualifying Event.  Additional documentation may be necessary.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    2.7      Foreign Exchange.     The amount of Points earned at Participating Properties where a non-U.S. dollar currency is used will be calculated based on Qualifying Charges converted to U.S. dollar at the exchange rate selected by the Company.  This may be the foreign exchange rate used by a Participating Property at check-in, at check-out or another rate selected by the Company and may not be the same rate used for currency conversions on the Member's folio.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                     2.8      Transferring Points from One Account to Another     2.8.a.  In accordance with the conditions for transferring Points as described in Section 1.6.c., a Member can transfer up to a maximum of 100,000 Points per calendar year to another Membership Account as long as both Accounts are in good standing and have each been open for at least thirty (30) days with qualifying activity, ninety (90) days without qualifying activity (see 2.8.b). A Member can receive up to a maximum of 500,000 Points per calendar year from other Membership Accounts as long as the Accounts are in good standing and have each been open for at least thirty (30) days with qualifying activity, ninety (90) days without qualifying activity.

2.8.b.  A new Member may receive a Points Transfer thirty (30) days after enrollment if the Account reflects activity including a Qualifying Stay or other qualifying activity as described in Section 1.6.d.  After ninety (90) days from enrollment, a new Member is eligible to receive a Points Transfer regardless of their account activity.

2.8.c.  Authorization to transfer Points must be initiated by the Account holder with the Points to be transferred by contacting Member Support. The Account holder requesting the transfer must provide the Membership Number of the Points recipient at the time of the Point transfer request.

2.8.d.  Once the authorization for transfer is received and processed, the transferor relinquishes all rights to the transferred Points, and they become the recipient’s Points.

2.8.e.  Miles and Elite Night Credit cannot be transferred between Membership Accounts.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                     2.9      Purchase Points.       Members may purchase or receive Points purchased by another Member as a gift for a combined maximum of 100,000 Points per calendar year if purchased through the Buy Points Storefront or Gift Points Storefront. Members may purchase Points for a combined maximum of 100,000 Points per calendar year if purchased through Marriott websites, Marriott Mobile Apps or the Customer Engagement Centers. Points may be purchased at the rate of $12.50 U.S. dollars per 1,000 Points and can be purchased in increments of 1,000, or in increments of 5,000 Points ($62.50 U.S. dollars per 5,000 Points). Pricing varies during promotional periods. A Member must be in good standing to purchase and/or receive Points. A new Member may purchase Points thirty (30) days after enrollment in the Loyalty Program. Please refer to Section 2.8 for additional information on individual Member conditions on transferring to or receiving points from another Member per calendar year. Purchased Points do not count toward Marriott Bonvoy Elite status. Points will be posted to the Member’s Account within seventy-two (72) hours after the purchase is complete. Once Points have been purchased, no refunds will be permitted. Purchasing Points using a Marriott co-brand credit card will earn Points as an everyday purchase where applicable. Members who choose to purchase Points using their Union Pay single-logo credit cards (with card number starting with digits 62) can do so by choosing Discover as their payment option.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    2.10   Earning through Partners.       Points earned in connection with the partner are subject to these Loyalty Program Rules along with any applicable terms and conditions of the partner.

2.10.a. Cruises. A Member may earn Points when he/she books a cruise through the Company’s cruise partner. More information on the Cruise program may be obtained here. This section does not apply to The Ritz-Carlton Yacht Collection (see 1.2.a for The Ritz-Carlton Yacht Collection).

2.10.b. Hertz. A Member may earn Points and receive special discounts with Hertz where available when booked through here. Qualified Elite Members may also receive complimentary Hertz Gold Plus Rewards elite status.

2.10.c. Identity at The Cosmopolitan. Members of Identity at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas may convert Identity Points to Loyalty Program Points in accordance with the Identity program terms and conditions. Members are directed to call Identity Membership & Rewards at (877) 551-7779 or email IDENTITYMEMBERSHIP@COSMOPOLITANLASVEGAS.COM.

2.10.d. Vacations by Marriott. Vacations by Marriott is administered by a third-party travel partner on behalf of the Loyalty Program. Points and Elite Night Credit are earned in accordance with the Loyalty Program Rules. Members cannot use Points or Miles to purchase Vacations by Marriott packages. Members are subject to the Loyalty Program Rules as well as the terms and conditions of Vacations by Marriott program. More information can be found on www.vacationsbymarriott.com.

2.10.e. Eat Around Town by Marriott Bonvoy. A Member may earn Points when they enroll in the Eat Around Town by Marriott Bonvoy program and dine at participating restaurants. Members are subject to the terms and conditions of the Eat Around Town by Marriott Bonvoy program and the Loyalty Program Rules. More program information is available at eataroundtown.marriott.com.

2.10.f. Marriott Bonvoy Boutiques. A Member may earn 10,000 Points with the purchase of a mattress on any of the Marriott International’s fourteen (14) online retail websites (Shop EDITION, The Ritz-Carlton Shops, The Luxury Collection Store, St. Regis Boutique, W Hotels The Store, Curated by JW, Shop Marriott, Sheraton Store, Westin Store, Collect Renaissance, Gaylord Hotels Store, Shop Courtyard, Shop Four Points, Fairfield Store). Points are awarded to the purchasing member approximately 3-5 weeks following the acceptance of the mattress delivery. Members are subject to the terms and conditions with the mattress purchase on the Marriott online retail sites and the Loyalty Program Rules. More information is available on the Marriott online retail websites.

2.10.g. Marriott Uber Loyalty Initiative. To participate in the Marriott Uber loyalty initiative, Members must link their Membership Account to their Uber account associated with a U.S. phone number. Once Members link their accounts, they can earn Points on Qualifying Transactions. A “Qualifying Transaction” means (i) a ride taken with Uber XL, Uber Black, Uber SUV or Uber Comfort; or (ii) an order placed through Uber Eats in an amount of $25 U.S. dollars or more before the calculation of any applicable promotions or discounts (excluding taxes, fees, and tips), in each case, that occurs in the United States. Points earned for Qualifying Transactions will be based on U.S. dollars spent before promotions and discounts, excluding taxes, fees, and tips. Members are subject to the terms and conditions of Uber and Uber Eats, as well as the Program Rules. Uber and the Company reserve the right to change the number of Points that Members may earn and the activities for which they may earn Points. Uber or the Company may also unlink accounts as a result of termination or suspension of the Marriott Uber loyalty initiative, suspected fraud, or a change in eligibility. More information is available at www.uber.com/marriottbonvoy.           
                          
                        
                        
                                                
                        
                        
                        
                          
                            
                            
                                   3.REDEEM POINTS             
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    3.1      Redeeming Points for Awards.     A Member may redeem Points to obtain certain awards and benefits (each an “Award” or “Award Redemption”) including, without limitation, rooms at Participating Properties, Moments experiences, flights, and other services and merchandise.  A full listing of current Award Redemption options is available on the Loyalty Program website under “USE POINTS.”

3.1.a.  Points and Awards may not be exchanged or redeemed by a Member for cash, prizes or credit.

3.1.b.  Points posted as the result of a transfer or earned from the use of credit cards may not be redeemable for certain Awards.

3.1.c.  Awards are valid only for use by the individual designated on the Award and are not transferable, although, if requested at the time of issuance, an Award may be issued to a third party.  Third party transfers or transfers to non-Members are limited to twenty (20) Awards in a calendar year on a single Membership Account.  In the event an Award is given to a third party in accordance with the prior sentence, neither the Member nor the third party will earn any Points/Miles, Elite Night Credit, Qualifying Nights, or Qualifying Stays in connection with such Award.  At check-in, the guest using the Award may be required to show valid identification and provide a credit card to the Participating Property for incidental charges.

3.1.d.  Awards believed to have been bartered, sold, exchanged, or issued fraudulently, or issued to someone other than the eligible Member, will be void and will not be honored.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    3.2      Rooms at Participating Properties.     A Member may redeem Points for standard rooms (with existing bedding) at Participating Properties (“Award Redemption Stay”) including, without limitation, for Free Night Awards, Upgrade Awards, Cash + Points Awards, and PointSaversTM Awards. Some Participating Brands may have different redemption policies including Homes & Villas by Marriott International (as described in Section 8.2).

3.2.a.  Redeeming Points for an Award Redemption Stay is subject to availability at the time of reservation. Advanced reservations are required and must be booked through the Marriott Channels as described in Section 1.2.b.

3.2.b.  When making a reservation at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance, a “Redemption Award” will be added to the stay automatically, provided the Member has sufficient Points for the entire stay, and the Redemption Award will be activated upon check-in.

i.     Redemption Awards are required for reservations which use Free Night Awards, Upgrade Awards, Cash + Points Awards, and/or PointSaversTM Awards.

ii.     Redemption Awards are valid only for individual travel and are not valid for group travel, package tours, conventions or other special rates and/or package programs, food and beverage credits, incidental expenses, or government mandated taxes, fees, etc.

3.2.c.  The standard guarantee and cancellation policies of a Participating Property will apply to Award Redemption Stay reservations including, without limitation, all minimum length of stay requirements, credit card guarantee requirements and charges for late cancellation, no-shows, and early check-out.

i.     A Point refund may be issued for a stay that is less than the number of days on the Redemption Award, but the Member must inform the Participating Property’s front desk in advance of the early check-out time in order for the Point refund to be issued to the Member’s Account.

ii.     If a Member fails to cancel a guaranteed Award Redemption Stay reservation within the permitted cancellation period, the Participating Property will charge the applicable cancellation fee to the credit card provided by the Member at the time the reservation was made and the Points that were redeemed will be re-deposited into the Member’s Account.

3.2.d.  The amount of Points required per night to obtain rooms at Participating Properties varies by the category of the Participating Property and the room types available at the Participating Property, length of stay, and may also vary by time of year. This includes rates based on demand (“Off-Peak and Peak Redemption Rates”) which may change for an Award Redemption Stay at the time of checking availability, at the time of booking or modifying an Award Redemption reservation, and at the time of when Points are deducted. A list of Participating Property categories is available on the Loyalty Program website under USE AT HOTELS. The Company may change a Participating Property’s category at any time. Select properties may have redemption rates in excess of the Category 8 Redemption Rates.

3.2.e.  When redeeming Points for an Award Redemption Stay, the Award Redemption Stay includes the cost of a standard room (with existing bedding) at a Participating Property, room tax, service charge, and extra-person charges (except at eligible all-inclusive properties), if any. All other charges, including incidentals, resort fees and The Ritz-Carlton Club level charges, rollaways, and other fees, are the responsibility of the Member and are not included in the Award Redemption Stay.

i.     Standard rooms vary between Participating Properties and Participating Brands. Upgraded rooms, including upgrades based on size, view, services, and/or suites, are available at a higher Points cost, as described in Section 3.3.

ii.     With an Award Redemption Stay, bedding and smoking preferences may be requested, but are not guaranteed.

iii.     At the all-inclusive properties (described under 2.1.b), the Points redeemed for an Award Redemption Stay cover the cost of the all-inclusive package which includes, but is not limited to, the standard room (with existing bedding), room tax, service charge, resort fee, and standard food and beverage, for up to two people. Extra-person charges for the third, fourth, or more guests in the room are an additional fee and are not included in the Award Redemption as form of payment. This fee as well as all other property charges are the responsibility of the Loyalty Program Member and are not included in the Award Redemption Stay. Loyalty Program Members must inform any All-Inclusive Resort or Company-designated all-inclusive property of the correct number of guests for each reservation at such All-Inclusive Resort or Company-designated all-inclusive property, including any extra persons beyond the first and second guest, and the correct ages of any children for each such reservation. The Company reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify the room rate a Member must pay for a reservation to reflect the correct guest count, including children, for such reservation.

3.2.f.  A Member who redeems Points for every (5) five consecutive nights for a Free Night Award or PointSavers Award stay under one reservation (i.e. one confirmation number) will only need to redeem points for four nights (“Stay for 5, Pay for 4 Award”). The free night offer applies to the lowest point redemption night within the same Award Redemption Stay for which the Free Night Award or PointSavers Award was ordered. In the event there is more than one night at the lowest point redemption rate, the free night offer will apply to the first night at that rate. Stay for 5, Pay for 4 Award cannot be applied to a stay comprised of multiple reservations with consecutive nights. Also, Stay for 5, Pay for 4 Award cannot be applied after the member checks into the hotel. There are no Points refund or free night credit for any unused portion of a Stay for 5, Pay for 4 Award. Point values are based on a standard room only (does not apply to premium room) and may vary by length of stay, hotel category, time of year, as well as when the Points are deducted, and the Award Redemption certificate ordered. Stay for 5, Pay for 4 Award does not apply to Cash + Points Awards, Upgrade Awards, Suite Night Awards, and Promotional Awards (e.g. issued through Marriott International co-brand credit card, Annual Choice Benefit, etc.).

3.2.g.  Members will not receive Points or Miles for the Award Redemption Stay portion of their stay.

3.2.h.  An Award Redemption Stay at a Participating Property is considered a Qualifying Stay and as such the Member will receive Elite Night Credit toward earning Elite Membership Status or Lifetime Elite Membership Status; however, the Award Redemption Stay will not count toward achieving any milestones required to obtain a promotional Award. Members who redeem Points for additional guest rooms will not receive Elite Night Credit for those rooms; it is only given for the guest room in which the Member stays.

3.2.i.  A Member may redeem Points for up to a total of nine (9) guest rooms at the same Participating Property over the same dates. When doing so, the Member agrees to make legitimate Point redemption reservations in good faith for use by the Member and his or her invited guests only, and not for any other purposes, including without limitation, reselling, impermissibly assigning or posting on third party websites, or making speculative, false or fraudulent reservations, or any reservation in anticipation of demand. The Company reserves the right to cancel any reservations it believes to be in violation of the Program Rules.

3.2.j.  If a Participating Property exits the Loyalty Program for any reason after a Member makes an Award Redemption Stay reservation but before the Member’s stay, the Company will use reasonable efforts to have such former Participating Property honor the reservation or assist in arranging equivalent accommodations nearby; however, the Company cannot guarantee that any Awards, upgrades or any other benefits a Member may earn under the Loyalty Program will be honored.

3.2.k.  Points acquired through ownership of an interest at a Marriott Vacation Club or Marriott Grand Residence Club property may not be used to request an Award Redemption Stay reservation at a Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club or Vistana property unless otherwise permitted.

3.2.l.  Points acquired by a Vistana Owner who converts his/her vacation ownership interest to Points pursuant to Vistana’s Marriott Bonvoy Conversion program terms and conditions may not be redeemed at a Vistana property, or Marriott Vacation Club or Marriott Grand Residence Club property unless otherwise permitted.

3.2.m.  An Award Redemption Stay at destinations outside the United States is subject to all required government approvals, restrictions, and applicable non-hotel taxes. Awards do not include United States federal inspection fees or any other fees, expenses, surcharges, non-hotel taxes or other costs or expenses that may be imposed by foreign governments for international travel. Members are responsible for these government mandated taxes, fees, etc.

 3.2.n. The Company has a “Limited Blackout Dates” policy, which means that, subject to the limitations and exclusions below, Participating Properties have standard rooms available every day for Award Redemptions. These limitations and exclusions are:

i.     Participating Properties may limit the number of standard rooms available for redemption on a limited number of days.

ii.     The following Participating Brands allow only for Points/Miles earnings and do not offer Points redemption: Marriott Executive Apartments.

iii.     The following Participating Properties or Brands either do not participate in or do not fully participate in the Limited Blackout Dates policy at this time:

●     JW Marriott Scottsdale Camelback Inn Resort & Spa, Scottsdale, AZ
●     Vistana Signature Network and Vistana Residence Network  all properties
●     Marriott Vacation Club and Marriott Grand Residence Club  all properties
●     Rome Marriott Grand Hotel Flora, Rome, Italy
●     Waikoloa Beach Marriott Resort & Spa, Hawaii
●     Wailea Beach Resort  Marriott - Maui, Hawaii
●     Hotel Cala di Volpe, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Costa Smeralda, Italy
●     Hotel Pitrizza, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Costa Smeralda, Italy
●     Hotel Romazzino, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Costa Smeralda, Italy
●     Homes & Villas by Marriott International
●     North Island, a Luxury Collection Resort, Seychelles
            
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    3.3      Upgrade Awards.     When using Points for an Award Redemption Stay, Members may have to redeem additional Points to reserve an upgraded room such as an ocean view room or a suite.  This “Upgrade Award” may be required for certain room types in addition to a Free Night Award in a standard room.

3.3.a.  Upgrade Awards may only be used when redeeming Points for a stay at a Participating Property.  There are two types of Upgrade Awards:

i.     Point Upgrade Awards.  A “Point Upgrade Award” is issued when Points are redeemed to upgrade a Free Night Award in a standard room and is subject to availability at Participating Properties.  Please refer to the details for the selected Participating Property at which you are making a reservation.

ii.     Paid Upgrade Awards.  At select Participating Properties, Members may pay for an upgrade to a Free Night Award reservation on a cost per night basis.  The price for “Paid Upgrade Awards” varies by Participating Property and will be charged to the folio during the Member’s stay.  Additional Points are not required with Paid Upgrade Awards. Members will not earn Points or Miles on Paid Upgrade Awards and Members are responsible for all applicable taxes and service charges associated Paid Upgrade Awards.

3.3.b.  Upgrade Award requirements vary by Participating Property, hotel category, room type and by season.

3.3.c.  Participating Properties, at their discretion, may offer premium room(s) that require an Upgrade Award, e.g. rooms with special views such as ocean or bay views.  Where available, two (2) bedroom suites at Residence Inn by Marriott and TownePlace Suites by Marriott require the use of an Upgrade Award.  Marriott Vacation Club and Marriott Grand Residence Club properties require Upgrade Awards for all unit types other than studio units.

3.3.d.  Some Point Upgrade Awards require payment in local currency and cannot be purchased with Points.  Check the room description for currency and other redemption requirements when booking an Award Redemption Stay reservation online.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    3.4        Cash + Points Awards.     Members can redeem their Points for “Cash + Points Awards” at Participating Properties when available. Participation in and availability of Cash + Points Awards are at the discretion of the Participating Property.

3.4.a. The Stay for 5, Pay for 4 Award described in Section 3.2.f. does not apply to Cash + Points Awards.

3.4.b. Members will not earn Points or Miles on the cash portion of Cash + Points Awards and Members are responsible for all applicable taxes and service charges associated with the cash portion of Cash + Points Awards.

3.4.c. Members will receive one (1) Elite Night Credit for every night redeemed and stayed on a Cash + Points Award stay.

3.4.d. An issued Cash + Points Award can be used at any Participating Property in the category for which the Redemption Award is valid, or at any lower level category Participating Property that has availability of the Cash + Points Award.

3.4.e. The Cash + Points Award structure is subject to modification, cancellation or limitation at any time without notice at the discretion of the Loyalty Program.

3.4.f. The Cash & Points Payment for Homes & Villas by Marriott International is different from Cash + Points Awards and follows the Program Rules under Section 8.2.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    3.5      PointSavers.     “PointSavers Awards” offer Point savings on standard Award Redemption rates and are available for limited periods of time. Members can redeem their Points for PointSavers Awards at Participating Properties when and where available. Participation in and availability of PointSavers Awards are at the discretion of the Participating Property.

3.5.a. An issued PointSavers Award can be used at a Participating Property in the category for which the Redemption Award is valid, or at any lower level category Participating Property that has availability of the PointSavers Award.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    3.6Points Advance     Effective May 27, 2021, Members who seek to make an Award Redemption reservation with an insufficient Points balance may book an Award Redemption reservation ("Points Advance Redemption Reservation") that is at least thirty (30) or more days from the arrival date, and hold it for sixty (60) days from time of booking, or no later than fourteen (14) days prior to the Member’s arrival date, whichever occurs sooner. Points Advance Redemption Reservations booked prior to May 27, 2021 will be placed on a 60-day hold beginning on May 27, 2021, or held no later than fourteen (14) days prior to the Member’s arrival date, whichever occurs sooner.

During the time the Points Advance Redemption Reservation is on hold, a Member may either (1) purchase Points (as described in Section 2.9) to make a valid Award Redemption, provided that the aggregate amount of Points purchased and/or received as a gift by the Member is less than or equivalent to the annual maximum per calendar year as noted in section 2.9; or (2) the Member accrues sufficient Points for payment of the Points Advance Redemption Reservation by the end of the 60-day hold, or no later than fourteen (14) days prior to the Member’s arrival date, whichever occurs sooner; or (3) the Member may modify the Points Advance Redemption Reservation to the best paid rate available; or (4) the Member may rebook a Points Advance Redemption Reservation based on redemption inventory availability.

A maximum of three (3) Points Advance Redemption Reservations are permitted to be maintained per Membership Account at any one time.

3.6.a. If a Member does not have sufficient Points to pay for a Points Advance Redemption Reservation by the end of the 60-day hold, or the date that is fourteen (14) days prior to the Member's arrival date, whichever occurs sooner, the Points Advance Redemption Reservation will be cancelled.

3.6.b. To finalize a Points Advance Redemption Reservation, once a Member has accrued sufficient points (either within or by the end of the 60-day hold, or no later than fourteen (14) days prior to the Member’s arrival date, whichever occurs sooner), the Points may be automatically deducted and Free Night Award certificate ordered and attached to the reservation. The Member can also finalize the Points Advance Redemption Reservation online or by calling Member Support. The amount of Points required to finalize the Points Advance Redemption Reservation may change between the time of booking and the time that Points are deducted and the Award Redemption certificate is ordered and/or the member’s Free Night Award certificate(s) are assigned and attached to the reservation. The Member will be required to pay the amount of Points required at the time the Award Redemption certificate is ordered, even if the amount of Points required has increased since the time the Member booked the Points Advance Redemption Reservation. If the rate has changed and the amount of Points required has increased beyond the value of the Member’s Free Night Award certificate(s), the Member will no longer be able to use the certificate(s) for the stay.

3.6.c. Promotional awards (e.g., Free Night Award issued through Marriott International co-brand credit card, Annual Choice Benefit, etc.) can only be used on a Points Advance Redemption Reservation if their value is greater than or equal to one night on the reservation at the time the Member orders and attaches the promotional award certificate(s) and/or deducts Points for the reservation. For example, if a Member has a Free Night Award that is worth 35,000 Points, that Free Night Award may not be used in conjunction with a Points Advance Redemption Reservation where the nightly rate associated with the reservation is 50,000 Points. Multiple promotional award certificates can be used on a Points Advance Redemption Reservation provided the Member has a promotional award certificate that qualifies for usage for each night it is being applied.

3.6.d Points Advance can only be used for Award Redemption Stays, including Free Night Awards, Upgrade Awards, Cash + Points Awards, and PointSavers Awards (refer to Section 3.2). Stay for 5, Pay for 4 Award may be applied on Points Advance Redemption Reservation (refer to Section 3.2.f.) but cannot be combined with promotional award(s). Points Advance cannot be used for any other Award Redemption options, including, but not limited to, Marriott Bonvoy Moments experiences, flights, Points to Miles conversions, Travel Packages, Instant Redemption Awards, and other services and merchandise.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    3.7      Instant Redemptions.     Members may use Points during their stay to redeem an “Instant Redemption Award,” which they may apply as a credit against their room folio upon check-out. An Instant Redemption Award must be ordered at the Participating Property during the stay to which it will be applied and cannot be booked in advance of the stay. When a Member requests an Instant Redemption Award for a specific U.S. dollar amount or for “up to” a specific U.S. dollar amount, the Loyalty Program will deduct those Points from the Member’s Account. For a listing of the Instant Redemption Awards required to redeem specific U.S. dollar values, please refer to the Loyalty Program website under USE POINTS.

3.7.a. A request for an Instant Redemption Award may only be made by a Member of the Loyalty Program who is in good standing. As proof of eligibility, a valid Membership Number is required when redeeming an Instant Redemption Award.

3.7.b. Instant Redemption Awards are valid only when used toward the expenses charged to a Member’s room folio, including, but not limited to room charges, food and beverages, golf, spa services and incidental expenses. Instant Redemption Awards cannot be redeemed for cash or gift cards. Instant Redemption Awards are valid only for individual travel, and are not applicable to group travel, package tours, or conventions that have been charged to and/or paid by a third party. Instant Redemption Award credits may be used by the Member only and may not be gifted, although if requested at the time of redemption, Instant Redemption Awards may be credited against a third party’s room folio if the room was booked under the Member’s Loyalty Program Membership Number.

3.7.c. The Member requesting the Instant Redemption Award must have the total Points value required to purchase the Instant Redemption Award requested available in his or her Membership Account at the time of ordering. Once accrued Points in the Member’s Account have been redeemed for an Instant Redemption Award, the Points cannot be returned to the Member’s Account. Any portion of the Instant Redemption Award not applied to the Member’s room folio will be forfeited; if the amount requested for the Instant Redemption Award is more than the room folio balance, cash will not be returned to the Member.

3.7.d. Redeemed Instant Redemption Awards are not refundable, exchangeable, replaceable or transferable for cash or credit.

3.7.e. Not all Participating Properties offer Instant Redemption Awards. The following Participating Brands do not offer Instant Redemption Awards: Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club, Design Hotels, Vistana properties, Atlantis, Paradise Island, and The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. In addition, Instant Redemption Awards are not offered at select Participating Properties. Contact the Participating Property directly for Instant Redemption Award participation.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    3.8Moments.     Members may use Points to redeem or bid on experiences and events with the Marriott Bonvoy Moments program (the “Moments Program” or “Moments”) through the Moments online auction website: marriottbonvoy.com/moments. The terms and conditions for the Moments Program can be found on its website.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    3.9Donate Points.     A Member may redeem his/her Points toward charitable donations.  Once Points are donated, the exchange cannot be reversed or undone.  Such donation of Points is not considered a charitable donation by the United States Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), and therefore is not deductible under United States tax rules and regulations.  A Member may select the charity of his/her choice by visiting www.giving.marriott.com. Points redeemed in connection with charitable donations are subject to the Program Rules along with any applicable terms and conditions of the partner processing the donations.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    3.10   Gift Cards and Merchandise Vouchers     3.10.a. Marriott Gift Cards. A Member may redeem his/her Points for Marriott Gift Cards (“Gift Cards”) for Participating Property stays and golf, spa or meetings expenses. Gift cards may be issued by the Company or a third-party provider and will be clearly designated as such. Gift Cards issued by a third-party provider are subject to additional terms and conditions imposed by the issuer/participating merchant, which will be provided with the Gift Card. Acceptance of the Gift Cards is the sole responsibility of participating merchants. No photocopies of Gift Cards will be honored. Gift Cards have no cash value and may not be redeemed for cash or its equivalent. Any unused portion will not be returned as cash unless a Gift Card states otherwise, or is required by law. Gift Cards are transferable unless otherwise noted on the Gift Cards. Gift Cards are void where prohibited by law. Unless otherwise stated on the Gift Card, Gift Cards purchased with Points do not include any federal, state or local taxes, which are the Member’s sole responsibility at time of redemption. The Loyalty Program, the Company, third-party providers and any other participating merchants are not responsible for replacing lost, stolen or mutilated Gift Cards. Some Gift Cards require an additional charge for shipping and handling. If applicable, Gift Cards do not include gratuities. Gift Cards will usually arrive within five to seven (5-7) business days.

3.10.b. Merchandise and Retailer Gift Cards. A Member may redeem his/her Points for merchandise or retailer gift cards from partners that are affiliated with the Loyalty Program including, without limitation, the companies listed on the Loyalty Program Website under Use Points. Points redeemed in connection with these partners are subject to the Loyalty Program Rules along with any applicable terms and conditions of the partner.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    3.11   Airline Frequent Flyer Programs and Other Affiliated Loyalty Programs     3.11.a. Members may redeem Points with participating airline frequent flyer programs and other airline-affiliated loyalty programs at a designated Points to Miles conversion ratio as indicated here. If applicable, to achieve a bonus for transferred Points to a frequent-flyer program, or other airline-affiliated loyalty program, Marriott Bonvoy Points must be transferred through a single transaction at the noted threshold for bonus achievement.

3.11.b. Members requesting to convert Points earned through the Marriott Bonvoy Loyalty Program to participating airline partner Miles, must be a member of both Marriott Bonvoy and the relevant participating airline partner frequent flyer program and/or airline-affiliated loyalty program in order to successfully complete the conversion. For most Loyalty Program airline partners, the Points being transferred from a Member’s Marriott Bonvoy Account must be transferred to that Member’s account held in the same name for the frequent flyer program. In other words, both the Member‘s Marriott Bonvoy Membership Account name and airline frequent flyer program account name must match in order to successfully complete the Points to Miles conversion. Please refer to each airline partner’s loyalty program website and/or terms and conditions for additional details on name matching requirements in order to complete Points to Miles conversions. For details on joining an airline frequent flyer program and/or other airline-affiliated loyalty program, please refer to that particular airline or loyalty program website and terms and conditions. Marriott Bonvoy reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to prevent or cancel transactions where (i) Marriott Bonvoy has reason to believe that the identity of the Member converting the Points to Miles does not match the identity of the person receiving the Miles for airlines which require an exact name match or (ii) where Marriott Bonvoy suspects there has been any fraudulent activity connected with the Points to Miles conversion in relation to the Member’s Account.

3.11.c. Once Points have been redeemed for Miles with a participating airline frequent flyer program or other airline-affiliated loyalty program, Miles will automatically be transferred to the Member’s frequent flyer or airline-affiliated loyalty program account. In most cases, Miles will be posted to your account within one (1) week.

3.11.d. Once Miles are ordered to a Member’s frequent flyer or other airline-affiliated loyalty program account, changes, reissuance and/or re-credit of Points are not allowed.

3.11.e. The terms and conditions of the airline frequent flyer program or other airline-affiliated loyalty program control the redemption and distribution of the Miles earned through the Loyalty Program.

3.11.f. The airline frequent flyer program or other airline-affiliated loyalty program reserves the right to change its program at any time without notice. Any such changes may affect a Member’s ability to use the Miles he/she has accumulated. The airline frequent flyer program or other airline-affiliated loyalty program is not responsible for products or services offered by other third parties participating in the Loyalty Program. All terms and conditions of a Member’s preferred airline frequent flyer program or other airline-affiliated loyalty program apply.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    3.12       Air and Car.     A Member may redeem his/her Points for airline tickets or car rentals from the Loyalty Program’s Air + Car partner.  More information on the Air + Car program may be obtained here. Points redeemed in connection with this partner are subject to the Loyalty Program Rules along with any applicable terms and conditions of the partner.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    3.13      Cruise.     A Member may redeem his/her Points for a cruise certificate which can be applied to the purchase of a cruise booking.  More information on the cruise program may be obtained here. Points redeemed in connection with this partner are subject to the Loyalty Program Rules along with any applicable terms and conditions of the partner.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    3.14      Hotel and Air Travel Packages     3.14.a. All Loyalty Program Rules apply to Members redeeming Points toward a hotel and flight “Travel Package.”

3.14.b. When a Member redeems Points to purchase a Travel Package: (1) the hotel award portion includes consecutive nights at the selected hotel on a Free Night Award or PointSavers Award in a standard room; Upgrade Awards cannot be used with Travel Packages; (2) Miles will be automatically transferred into the participating airline frequent flyer program account that matches the name on the Membership Account; and (3) Travel Packages are excluded from airline partner conversion bonus campaigns. More information on the Travel Packages may be obtained here.

3.14.c. Once a Travel Package is processed:

i.      airline Miles cannot be transferred back to the Membership Account; and

ii.      the hotel award portion of the Travel Package is non-refundable to the Member if cancelled or not used.           
                          
                        
                        
                                                
                        
                        
                        
                          
                            
                            
                                   4. ELITE MEMBERSHIP             
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    4.1  Elite Membership General     4.1.a.  Elite membership is an exclusive privilege of Marriott Bonvoy Loyalty Program Membership. All Program Rules apply to Elite membership. The Loyalty Program has the right to terminate the Elite recognition program (the “Elite Program” or the “Elite Membership Program”) at any time by providing advance notice to Members in accordance with section 1.7.d. The Loyalty Program has the right to change, limit, modify or cancel the Program Rules for the Elite Program at any time, with or without notice, pursuant to section 1.7.c. Participating Properties outside the United States may provide alternative services and benefits to the Elite membership benefits set forth in these Program Rules, depending on local law and policy.

4.1.b.  Pursuant to section 1.7.a., the Company reserves the right to revoke, cancel or suspend a Member’s Elite membership status (including Lifetime Elite Status), any Loyalty Program Membership, Award, and/or any and all unredeemed Points or Miles, or take other action at its discretion, at any time with immediate effect and without written notice if the Company believes the Member has (a) violated any of the Program Rules, (b) failed to pay any bills or accounts due to the Company or a Participating Property or any ownership related fees owed to Marriott Vacation Club properties, Marriott Grand Residence Club properties, or Vistana properties, (c) acted in a manner inconsistent with applicable law, regulations or ordinances, (d) engaged in any misconduct or wrongdoing in connection with the Marriott Bonvoy Loyalty Program, including without limitation, involving Point credit, Mile credit, Award use, or Member benefits, or (e) engaged in abusive, fraudulent, inappropriate, or hostile conduct in connection with the Marriott Bonvoy Loyalty Program, the Participating Properties or their guests or employees, or the Company or its employees. Nothing in these Program Rules will limit Company from exercising any legal rights or remedies that it may have.

4.1.c.  Benefits of Elite membership apply to stays on Qualifying Rates (as described in Section 2.1.e.) and are reserved for Members only and apply solely to the one guest room in which the Elite Member stays.  Only one Member per guest room can earn Points/Miles and Elite Night Credit, as well as receive benefits as described in Section 2.1.d.(iv).  Elite Members receive one set of benefits according to their membership tier on Stays of one or more consecutive nights as described in 2.1.d, even if they check in and check out of the same Participating Property within 24 hours. In order for an Elite Member to be eligible to receive Elite benefits during his/her stay, the Elite Member must provide his/her Loyalty Program Membership Number when making a reservation. 

Elite Members will receive Elite membership benefits including, without limitation:  bonus Points, priority late checkout and room upgrades.  Benefits vary by Elite membership tier.  More information can be found in section 4.3.

i.      The awarding of Loyalty Program Elite membership benefits is void where prohibited by law and may vary outside the United States and Canada.

ii.      Local policy may prevail over Loyalty Program standards at Participating Properties, and some Elite membership benefits may not be available at some locations.

iii.      Pursuant to Section 8.3, the only Elite Member benefit provided for stays at Homes & Villas by Marriott International is the Elite Welcome Gift of Points as described in 4.3.b.(ii) and 4.3.c.(iii).

4.1.d.  Members with Elite Status (“Elite Member”) will receive guaranteed compensation for select Elite benefits in the event those benefits are not available during an Elite Member’s stay (“Elite Benefits Guarantee”). Due to the global pandemic, participating hotels may offer a food and beverage or lounge alternative for the benefit based on local guidelines or the hotel’s operational impacts related to COVID-19.

i.      The maximum Elite Benefits Guarantee cash compensation in the United States is $200 U.S. dollars, even if more than one guaranteed benefit is not delivered to the Elite Member. The maximum Elite Benefits Guarantee compensation paid to an Elite Member during a stay outside the United States will be the equivalent of $200 U.S. dollars paid in local currency, even if more than one guaranteed benefit is not delivered to the Elite Member.

ii.      If an Elite Member believes that compensation is due with respect to any aspect of the Elite Benefits Guarantee, he/she must request payment of the compensation while still a guest at the Participating Property, prior to checking out.  Failure to request such payment prior to check out will result in a complete waiver of any right to receive such compensation.

iii.      In order to qualify for the Elite Benefits Guarantee, the Elite Member’s Membership Number, Elite membership status, and bed type preferences must be included with the reservation. Reservations booked on Qualifying Rates made through meeting planners, travel agents, wholesalers or other approved third-party sources must include this information in order to be eligible for the Elite Benefits Guarantee.

iv.      Guests accompanying Elite Members to a Participating Property are not eligible for the Elite Benefits Guarantee.

v.     The Elite Benefits Guarantee applies to all Qualifying Stays, including Free Night Award stays.

vi.      Elite Members who do not receive their Elite Benefits Guarantee or Ultimate Reservation Guarantee (see section 4.3.a. for Ultimate Reservation Guarantee information) in Russia, any other country subject to currency restrictions or any country prohibited by law from compensating the Member in the form of a cash payment will be compensated with Points.

vii.      The following Participating Brands do not participate in the Elite Benefits Guarantee or the Ultimate Reservation Guarantee: Homes & Villas by Marriott International.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                      4.2Elite Membership Requirements      4.2.a.  Only nights personally stayed by and individually billed to an Elite Member at Participating Properties are credited toward the Elite Member’s Elite membership achievement and renewal thereof. Pursuant to section 1.4.e. Accounts may be combined to achieve Elite membership.

i.     Pursuant to section 2.1.a., one Elite Night Credit will be awarded to the Elite Member room for each Qualifying Night stayed.

ii.     When staying at Marriott Executive Apartments, every three (3) Qualifying Nights stayed will entitle Members to one (1) night toward Elite status. Elite benefits are not available at Marriott Executive Apartments locations.

iii.     Members who hold Qualifying Events at Participating Properties receive one (1) Elite Night Credit for every twenty (20) room nights booked and actualized, up to a maximum of twenty (20) Elite Night Credits per contract. The earning of ten (10) Elite Night Credits per calendar year for the first Qualifying Event ended on December 31, 2019.

iv.     Elite Status may be earned through various Partner Programs and is subject to the terms and conditions of the Partner Program as well as the Loyalty Program Rules.

v.     Members staying at The Ritz-Carlton Destination club locations under their ownership benefit receive Elite Night Credit pursuant to 1.2.a.

4.2.b.  To achieve or renew Elite membership status, the following number of Elite Night Credits (“Minimum Requirement”) must be earned through (i) nights stayed at Participating Properties or (ii) Marriott Bonvoy Events between January 1 and December 31 of any given year:

i.     Marriott Bonvoy - Silver Elite: 10 to 24 Qualifying Nights

ii.     Marriott Bonvoy - Gold Elite: 25 to 49 Qualifying Nights

iii.     Marriott Bonvoy - Platinum Elite: 50 to 74 Qualifying Nights

iv.     Marriott Bonvoy - Titanium Elite: 75 Qualifying Nights and higher

v.     Marriott Bonvoy - Ambassador Elite: 100 Qualifying Nights and $14,000 US Dollars in qualified annual spend based on Qualifying Charges earned on Stays alone. In 2022, the qualified annual spend requirement will return to $20,000 US Dollars.

* Achievement of Elite Status through Qualifying Stays at the Participating Brands of the legacy SPG Program ended on December 31, 2018.

4.2.c.  Free Night Award stays will count toward Elite Night Credit.

4.2.d.  Qualifying Charges without a personal overnight stay will not earn Elite Night Credit toward Elite membership.

 4.2.e.  Earning Lifetime Elite Status

i.     In order to obtain Lifetime Elite Status, a Member must meet the below Lifetime Elite Status Criteria (4.2.f.) during the Member’s participation in the Loyalty Program. An “Eligible Status Year” is a calendar year during which a Member obtained Elite membership status (Silver Elite, Gold Elite, Platinum Elite, Titanium Elite, or Ambassador Elite) by achieving the Silver Elite, Gold Elite, Platinum Elite, Titanium Elite, or Ambassador Elite Minimum Requirement. The calendar year in which a Member achieves Silver Elite, Gold Elite, Platinum Elite, Titanium Elite, or Ambassador Elite Status, as described in the prior sentence, will count as an Eligible Status Year, in addition to each subsequent year that such Member retains the benefits of Elite membership Status. For example, if a Member meets the Gold Elite Minimum Requirement during the 2021 Eligible Status Year by earning twenty-five (25) Eligible Nights and becomes a Gold Elite Member for the remainder of 2021 and for all of 2022, 2021 and 2022 will each count as separate Eligible Status Years.

ii.     The Company will determine, in its sole discretion, whether or not a Member has met the requirements to achieve Lifetime Elite Status. Once a Member achieves Lifetime Elite Status as described in 4.2.b, the Member is not subject to meeting the Elite Tier’s Minimum Requirement in any subsequent Eligible Status Year in order to remain an Elite Member unless the Elite Member’s Account was cancelled.

iii.     Lifetime Elite Status only provides a Member with Silver Elite, Gold Elite, Platinum Elite, or Titanium Elite status and protection against the forfeiture of Points even if the Lifetime Elite Member is inactive. It does not prevent the Company from suspending Lifetime Elite Status or cancelling a Member’s Account. Lifetime Elite Members will receive the benefits of Silver Elite, Gold Elite, Platinum Elite, or Titanium Elite Members, which are subject to change from time to time as described in section 4.1.

4.2.f.  Lifetime Elite Status Criteria. Members can earn Lifetime Elite Status through the following criteria:

i.     Loyalty Program Lifetime Elite Status Criteria:

●     Lifetime Silver Elite: 250 Qualifying Nights + 5 Years as Silver Elite or higher
●     Lifetime Gold Elite: 400 Qualifying Nights + 7 Years as Gold Elite or higher
●     Lifetime Platinum Elite: 600 Qualifying Nights + 10 Years as Platinum Elite or higher

ii.     Achievement of Lifetime Elite Status through Legacy Program Lifetime Elite Status Criteria ended December 31, 2018. This included achievement of Lifetime Platinum Premier Elite (now Lifetime Titanium Elite) Status which also ended December 31, 2018.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    4.3  Elite Membership Benefits at Participating Brands      4.3.a. Marriott Bonvoy Silver Elite Membership Benefits. Silver Elite Members and above are eligible to receive the following benefits:

i.      10% Bonus Points. Bonus Points vary by Elite membership level and are calculated based on base Points earned during a stay. Available to Elite Members at all Participating Brands except as otherwise noted in Section 1.2.a.

ii.      Priority Late Checkout. Based on availability. Please call the front desk the morning of checkout and let them know your planned departure time. Available at all Participating Brands except Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club, and Vistana Network properties.

 iii.      Ultimate Reservation Guarantee. To be eligible, Member's Loyalty Program Member Number and a valid credit card number must be included with the reservation. If a Participating Property is unable to honor the reservation, it will pay for comparable accommodation nearby for the Elite Member that night and compensate the Member for the inconvenience. A Participating Property must be open and operational for the Ultimate Reservation Guarantee benefit/compensation to apply. At The Ritz-Carlton and St. Regis Hotels, the Ultimate Reservation Guarantee only applies to Titanium Elite and Ambassador Elite Members. The Ultimate Reservation Guarantee is offered at the following brands: The Ritz-Carlton, St. Regis, EDITION, The Luxury Collection, W Hotels, JW Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Sheraton, Delta Hotels, Le Méridien, Westin, Autograph Collection Hotels, Renaissance Hotels, Tribute Portfolio, Gaylord Hotels, Courtyard, Four Points, SpringHill Suites, Protea Hotels, Fairfield by Marriott, AC Hotels, Aloft Hotels, Moxy Hotels, Residence Inn, TownePlace Suites and Element. The Ultimate Reservation Guarantee is not offered at the following brands: Design Hotels, Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club, and Vistana properties. Pursuant to section 4.1.c. if an Elite Member has a confirmed reservation, but is relocated from the property upon arrival, the Participating Property will pay the Ultimate Reservation Guarantee compensation in place on that date under the Program Rules. If an Elite Member receives Ultimate Reservation Guarantee compensation, then he/she is not eligible to receive additional Elite Benefits Guarantee compensation.


ULTIMATE RESERVATION GUARANTEE

Participating Brands
Guest Compensation*


EDITION, The Luxury Collection, W Hotels, JW Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Sheraton, Delta Hotels, Le Méridien, Westin, Autograph Collection, Renaissance Hotels, Tribute Portfolio, Gaylord Hotels

U.S. $200 and 90,000 Points for all Elite Members


Courtyard, Four Points, SpringHill Suites, Protea Hotels, Fairfield, AC Hotels, Aloft, Moxy, Residence Inn, TownePlace Suites, Element

U.S. $100 for all Elite Members except for Platinum Elite, Titanium Elite and Ambassador Elite Members who receive U.S. $100 and 90,000 Points


The Ritz-Carlton**, St. Regis**

U.S. $200 and 140,000 Points for Titanium Elite and Ambassador Elite Members

* Participating Properties outside the United States will pay the equivalent in their local currency.

iv.      Gift Shop Discount of 10% on retail merchandise. Clothing, gifts & souvenirs, imprints & logo, jewelry & accessories, facial & body care products. The Gift Shop Discount is extended at participating Marriott-operated gift shops. Participating Brands include: St. Regis, The Luxury Collection, W Hotels, JW Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Sheraton, Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club, Delta Hotels, Le Méridien, Westin, Autograph Collection, Renaissance Hotels, Tribute Portfolio, Gaylord Hotels, Protea Hotels and Moxy Hotels. At The Ritz-Carlton and EDITION hotels, there is a ten percent (10%) discount on branded merchandise only, excluding sundries, purchased at Gift Shops on property. A Membership Account card (physical card or mobile card) must be presented to obtain the discount.

The Gift Shop Discount is not offered at the following brands: Courtyard, Four Points, SpringHill Suites, Fairfield, AC Hotels, Aloft, Residence Inn, TownePlace Suites, Element, Design Hotels and Vistana properties.

 4.3.b. Marriott Bonvoy Gold Elite Membership Benefits. In addition to all of the benefits Silver Elite Members receive, Gold Elite Members and above are eligible to receive the following benefits:

i.      25% Bonus Points. Bonus Points vary by Elite membership level and are calculated based on base Points earned during a stay. Available to Elite Members at all Participating Brands except as otherwise noted in Section 1.2.a.

ii.      Elite Welcome Gift of Points (varies by Participating Brand). Gold Elite Members receive one Elite Welcome Gift of Points on a Stay of one or more consecutive nights as described in 2.1.d, even if they check in and check out of the same Participating Property within 24 hours. Members who designate their earning preference as Miles will need to initiate the transfer of Elite Welcome Gift of Points to Miles as described in section 2.3.


ELITE WELCOME GIFT OF POINTS FOR GOLD ELITE

Participating Brands
Elite Welcome Gift


The Ritz-Carlton, St. Regis, EDITION, The Luxury Collection, W Hotels, JW Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Sheraton, Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club, Delta Hotels, Le Méridien, Westin, Autograph Collection, Design Hotels, Renaissance Hotels, Tribute Portfolio, Gaylord Hotels, Homes & Villas by Marriott International. Vistana properties only offer the Elite Welcome Gift benefit to non-Vistana Owner members.

500 Points per Stay


Courtyard, Four Points, SpringHill Suites, Protea Hotels, Fairfield, AC Hotels, Aloft, Moxy, Residence Inn, TownePlace Suites, Element

250 Points per Stay

iii.      2 p.m. Late Checkout. This benefit is based on availability. Member should call the front desk the morning of checkout and request a late checkout up until 2 p.m. This benefit is available at all Participating Brands except at Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club, and Vistana properties.

iv.      Complimentary Enhanced Room Upgrade for Gold Elite Members. This benefit is subject to availability on the day of arrival and is limited to a Member's personal guestroom at no additional charge. Enhanced rooms may include rooms with desirable views, rooms on high floors, corner rooms, rooms with special amenities, rooms on Executive Floors. At The Ritz-Carlton, rooms with direct Club access are excluded. Upgrades are subject to availability and identified by each Participating Property. The Complimentary Enhanced Room Upgrade for Gold Elite Members is available at all Participating Brands except Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club, Aloft, Element and Vistana properties.

v.      Complimentary Enhanced Internet Access. This benefit is provided where available, regardless of booking source, at all Participating Brands worldwide except at the EDITION, Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club and Vistana properties. This benefit is not applicable in meeting rooms. Free internet access may be available to all guests at some brands/locations.

4.3.c. Marriott Bonvoy Platinum Elite Membership Benefits. In addition to all of the benefits Gold Elite Members receive, Platinum Elite Members and above are eligible to receive the following benefits:

i.      50% Bonus Points. Bonus Points vary by Elite membership level and are calculated based on base Points earned during a stay. Available to Elite Members at all Participating Brands except as otherwise noted in Section 1.2.a.

ii.      Complimentary Enhanced Room Upgrade for Platinum Elite Members. Platinum Elite Members and above receive a complimentary upgrade to the best available room, subject to availability on the day of arrival, for the entire length of stay. Complimentary upgrade includes suites, rooms with desirable views, rooms on high floors, corner rooms, rooms with special amenities or rooms on Executive Floors. At The Ritz-Carlton, suites are only included for Titanium Elite and Ambassador Elite Members and rooms with direct Club access are excluded. Enhanced Room Upgrades are subject to availability and are identified by each Participating Property. The Complimentary Enhanced Room Upgrade for Platinum Elite Members and above is available at all Participating Brands except at Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club, Aloft, Element and Vistana properties.

iii.      Elite Welcome Gift. Platinum Elite Members and above receive one Elite Welcome Gift (of their choice where multiple options are offered) on a Stay of one or more consecutive nights as described in 2.1.d, even if they check in and check out of the same Participating Property within 24 hours. The Elite Welcome Gift for Platinum Elite Members and above does not include the Elite Welcome Gift of Points which is for Gold Elite only (see 4.3.b). Members who select or receive Points as their Elite Welcome Gift and have designated their earning preference as Miles will need to initiate the transfer of Elite Welcome Gift of Points to Miles as described in section 2.3. If the Elite Welcome Gift is not offered at time of arrival, compensation applies (see below). Choices vary by Participating Brand:


ELITE WELCOME GIFT FOR PLATINUM ELITE MEMBERS AND ABOVE

Participating Brands
Elite Welcome Gift
Guest Compensation*


JW Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Delta Hotels, Autograph Collection, Renaissance Hotels

United States, Canada, Europe: 1,000 Points per Stay or U.S. $10 food and beverage ("F&B") credit per Stay

Asia, Australia, Pacific Islands, Caribbean, Mexico, Central America, South America, Middle East, and Africa: 1,000 Points per Stay or F&B amenity per Stay

RESORTS only:
United States, Canada, Europe: 1,000 Points per Stay or breakfast in restaurant per night of Stay for Member +1

Asia, Australia, Pacific Islands, Caribbean, Mexico, Central America, South America, Middle East, and Africa: 1,000 Points per Stay or F&B amenity per Stay or breakfast in restaurant per night of Stay for Member +1

 

U.S. $100

Gaylord Hotels
1,000 Points per Stay or U.S. $10 F&B credit per Stay
U.S. $100

St. Regis, The Luxury Collection, W Hotels, Sheraton, Le Méridien, Westin, Tribute Portfolio
1,000 Points per Stay or amenity per Stay or breakfast in restaurant per night of Stay for Member +1 (including Resorts)
U.S. $100

The Ritz-Carlton, EDITION, Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club, Design Hotels TM, Homes & Villas by Marriott International. Vistana properties provide Elite Welcome Gift only to Members who are not Vistana Owners using their ownership interest.
 
1,000 Points (per Stay)

N/A


Courtyard

United States, Canada, Europe: 500 Points per Stay or U.S. $10 F&B credit per night of Stay for Member +1**

 

Asia, Australia, Pacific Islands, Caribbean, Mexico, Central America, South America, the Middle East, and Africa: Properties without lounge - 500 Points per Stay or F&B amenity per Stay or U.S. $10 F&B credit per night of Stay for Member +1**

 

Properties with lounge - 500 Points per Stay and breakfast in lounge - if lounge is closed, breakfast in restaurant per night of Stay for Member +1
U.S. $50


AC Hotels, Moxy Hotels

United States, Canada, Europe: 500 Points per Stay or U.S. $10 F&B credit per night of Stay for Member +1**

 

Asia, Australia, Pacific Islands, Caribbean, Mexico, Central America, South America, the Middle East, and Africa: 500 Points per Stay or F&B amenity per Stay or U.S. $10 F&B credit per night of Stay
AC Hotels:      

U.S. $50

Moxy Hotels:  

U.S. $25


SpringHill Suites, Fairfield, Residence Inn, TownePlace Suites

United States, Canada, Europe: 500 Points per Stay or F&B item

 

Asia, Australia, Pacific Islands, Caribbean, Mexico, Central America, South America, the Middle East, and Africa: 500 Points per Stay or F&B amenity
SpringHill Suites, Residence Inn:

U.S. $50

Fairfield, TownePlace Suites:

U.S. $25


Four Points, Aloft
500 Points per Stay or amenity or breakfast in restaurant per night of Stay for Member +1

Four Points:

U.S. $50

Aloft: U.S. $25


Protea Hotels
500 Points per Stay or breakfast in restaurant per night of Stay for Member +1
U.S. $50

Element
500 Points per Stay or amenity
U.S. $25


*Participating Properties outside the United States will pay the equivalent in their local currency.

** The U.S. $10 F&B credit per night of Stay is for the Member. An additional U.S. $10 F&B credit per night of Stay is given for one (1) guest staying in the same guestroom as the Member. The U.S. $10 credit per night of Stay does not accrue during the stay. For example, a Member who does not use the $10 credit on one day does not get $20 to use the following day.

iv.      Guaranteed Lounge Access. The Member plus one guest staying in the same room receives access to the Concierge/Executive/Club/Signature Club/M Club lounge (collectively, “Lounge” or “Lounge Access”) during normal hours of operations at JW Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Sheraton, Delta Hotels, Le Méridien, Westin, Autograph Collection, and Renaissance Hotels. Resort properties excluded at JW Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Delta Hotels, Autograph Collection, and Renaissance Hotels. At Delta Hotels properties without a Signature Club Lounge, as the approved alternative the Member will receive access to the Elite Pantry. Lounge Access is offered at Courtyard properties with a Lounge outside the United States and Canada. This benefit is not applicable when breakfast is included in the rate or the brand offers an approved alternative. Additional charges may apply for Lounge Access where the guest count is greater than the Member plus one allowance (including children). Lounge amenities may include light snacks and daily continental breakfast. Lounge Access is not offered at the following brands: The Ritz-Carlton, St. Regis, EDITION, The Luxury Collection, W Hotels, Design Hotels, Tribute Portfolio, Gaylord Hotels, Four Points, SpringHill Suites, Protea Hotels, Fairfield, AC Hotels, Aloft, Moxy Hotels, Residence Inn, TownePlace Suites, Element, Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club, and participating Vistana properties. This benefit only applies to the one (1) guest room in which the Platinum Elite Member is staying.

A.     In the United States and Canada: When a Participating Property's Lounge is closed, or property does not have a Lounge or approved alternative, the property will offer a daily continental breakfast in the restaurant for the Member plus one (1) guest, or Member can choose 750 Points per night of Stay. In Europe: Participating Properties without a Lounge or approved alternative offer daily breakfast in restaurant for Member plus one (1) guest, or Member can choose 750 Points per night of Stay. This benefit applies to the following brands (resort properties excluded): JW Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Delta Hotels, Autograph Collection, and Renaissance Hotels. This benefit is not applicable when breakfast is included in the rate or the brand offers an approved alternative as described above. The following properties in the United States do not provide free continental breakfast in the hotel restaurant in the event the Lounge is closed but do offer 1,000 Points in lieu of breakfast. These properties include:

●     The Algonquin Hotel Times Square, Autograph Collection
●     Boston Marriott Copley Place
●     Boston Marriott Long Wharf
●     Chicago Marriott Downtown Magnificent Mile
●     JW Marriott Essex House New York City
●     JW Marriott New Orleans
●     JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square
●     JW Marriott Washington, DC
●     The Lexington Hotel, Autograph Collection
●     Monterey Marriott
●     New York Marriott Marquis
●     Philadelphia Marriott Downtown
●     Renaissance Boston Waterfront Hotel
●     Renaissance Chicago Downtown Hotel
●     Renaissance Los Angeles Airport Hotel
●     Renaissance New York Midtown Hotel
●     Renaissance New York Times Square Hotel
●     Renaissance Washington, DC Downtown Hotel
●     Marriott Marquis San Diego Marina

B.    Outside United States and Canada at Courtyard properties with a Lounge, breakfast is offered in the restaurant when the Lounge is closed.

C.    Pursuant to section 4.1.c., if Lounge Access (or alternatives or exceptions as outlined above) is not available, Platinum Elite Members will be compensated $100 U.S. dollars for the inconvenience. Participating Properties outside the United States will pay the equivalent in local currency. This guarantee is offered at the following brands: JW Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Delta Hotels, Autograph Collection Hotels and Renaissance Hotels.


GUARANTEED LOUNGE ACCESS

Participating Brands
Lounge Offer
Guest Compensation*

JW Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Delta Hotels, Autograph Collection, Renaissance Hotels

(Resorts excluded)
United States and Canada: If Lounge is closed or property does not have a Lounge or approved alternative, property to offer daily continental breakfast in restaurant for Member +1 or Member can choose 750 Points per night of Stay

 

Europe: Properties without a Lounge or approved alternative offer daily breakfast in restaurant for Member +1 or Member can choose 750 Points per night of Stay

 

Globally: U.S. $100 If no continental breakfast or continental breakfast alternative was offered to Member


Courtyard

(Outside the United States and Canada with Lounge)

If Lounge is closed, Participating Property to offer breakfast in restaurant
N/A


Sheraton, Le Méridien, Westin

(Resorts included)

No alternative offered when Lounge is closed
N/A


*Participating Properties outside the United States will pay the equivalent in their local currency.

v.      4 p.m. Late Checkout. Platinum Elite Members and above may check out as late as 4 p.m. local time of the Participating Property. Members can request late checkout when making a reservation through central reservations, at check-in, via the mobile app (where available) or at any time during their stay. This benefit is guaranteed at all Participating Properties, except at resort and convention hotels and Design HotelsTM, where it is based upon availability. Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club, and Vistana properties are excluded from this benefit.

 vi.      50-Night Annual Choice Benefit. A Platinum Elite Member who has achieved fifty (50) eligible Elite Night Credits in a calendar year (“Qualifying Period”) is eligible to receive one (1) additional benefit (a “50-Night Annual Choice Benefit”) from the list of available benefits on choice-benefit.marriott.com and shown below:


Platinum Elite 50-Night Annual Choice Benefit Options:

Five (5) Suite Night Awards

40% off bed

$100 Charity Donation

The gift of Silver Elite status for a friend or family member

Five (5) Elite Night Credits

The list of 50-Night Annual Choice Benefits on choice-benefit.marriott.com is subject to change at any time. Once a Platinum Elite Member becomes eligible to receive a 50-Night Annual Choice Benefit, he/she must choose his/her 50-Night Annual Choice Benefit by visiting choice-benefit.marriott.com and selecting one of the 50-Night Annual Choice Benefits. A selection must be made through choice-benefit.marriott.com and may not be made through Member Support. All 50-Night Annual Choice Benefit selections are final and may not be changed after they are made. In the event that an eligible Platinum Elite Member fails to select a 50-Night Annual Choice Benefit by 11:59 p.m. Eastern US Time on January 7th of the year following the applicable Qualifying Period, such Platinum Elite Members will receive five (5) Suite Night Awards as his/her 50-Night Annual Choice Benefit ("Suite Night Awards," individually "Suite Night Award").

 A.    Suite Night Awards may be redeemed for advance confirmable upgrades for select, premium rooms or standard suites on a per room, per night basis, subject to availability and the applicable terms and conditions set forth below for Suite Night Awards:

(1)   Suite Night Awards expire on December 31 of the year following the year in which they were earned. For example, if 50 or 75 Qualifying Nights are achieved in 2020 and five Suite Night Awards are selected as the Member’s Annual Choice Benefit, the five Suite Night Awards will have an expiration date of December 31, 2021.

(2)   Suite Night Awards may be used only on Loyalty Program eligible paid stays as well as Free Night Award stays and Cash & Points stays.

(3)   A Member may request to use their Suite Night Awards on Loyalty Program websites or by calling a Customer Engagement Center.

(4)   Suite Night Awards may only be used for standard suites or other premium rooms as designated by the Participating Property.

(5)   Suite Night Award use is based upon availability of the requested suite or premium room. Checking for availability begins five (5) days before arrival. If availability is not confirmed five (5) days before arrival, availability is checked each day before arrival up to 2 p.m. local time of the Participating Property one (1) day prior to arrival. If at that time Suite Night Awards cannot be confirmed, the Suite Night Awards are credited back to the Member's account.

(6)   Suite Night Awards may be used only when there are enough in the Member's Account so that one is applied to every night of the reservation.

(7)   One Suite Night Award is required per room per night.

(8)   Suite Night Awards are required for each night of the stay including any nights that may be designated "free" such as the Stay for 5, Pay for 4 Award.

(9)   Suite Night Awards may not be transferred or given as a gift or used as part of a multiple room reservation; however, a Member may use Suite Night Awards for additional single-room reservations on his/her own stay as long as the Member is present for the stay and the other reservations are under the Member's name.

(10)   Members who book separate reservations for consecutive nights that precede or follow a reservation that has confirmed Suite Night Awards will be required to change rooms to the confirmed room type on any night(s) where a Suite Night Award is not used.

(11)   If a Participating Property offers multiple room options for the Suite Night Award, once the suite/premium room option(s) is selected, the selection may be changed until 2 p.m. local time of the Participating Property the day before arrival so long as the Suite Night Award is unconfirmed. Confirmed Suite Night Awards may be canceled up to 2 p.m. local time of the Participating Property one (1) day prior to arrival only if the entire reservation is canceled.

(12)   Suite Night Awards have requesting, booking, cancellation, and modification policies that are in addition to  but completely separate from  the booking, cancellation, and modification policies for the reservations on which they are used.

(a)   Requests to use Suite Night Awards on a reservation may be made up to 2 p.m. local time of the Participating Property one (1) day prior to arrival.

(b)   Requests to withdraw the use of unconfirmed Suite Night Awards may be made up to 2 p.m. local time of the Participating Property one (1) day prior to arrival.

(c)   Confirmed Suite Night Awards may be canceled up to 2 p.m. local time of the Participating Property one (1) day prior to arrival only if the entire reservation is canceled.

(d)   Once Suite Night Awards have been confirmed, the Member must cancel the entire reservation to receive credit back for all Suite Night Awards. Cancellation of a confirmed Suite Night Award reservation after 2 p.m. local time of the Participating Property one (1) day prior to arrival will result in the forfeiture of all Suite Night Awards applied to the entire reservation.

(e)   Suite Night Awards cannot be applied to a reservation once the reservation has been checked-in to a Participating Property.

(f)   If a Member departs his/her reservation early, any unused Suite Night Awards confirmed for the stay will be forfeited.

(g)   If a Member extends his/her reservation and has enough Suite Night Awards to cover the extension, the Member may use his/her Suite Night Awards based upon availability and at the Participating Property's discretion.

(13)   Not all Participating Properties participate in Suite Night Awards. Suite Night Awards are not redeemable at the following brands: The Ritz-Carlton, The Ritz-Carlton Reserve, The Ritz-Carlton Destination Club, The Ritz-Carlton Residences, EDITION, Protea Hotels, Aloft, Element, Design Hotels, all-Suite Hotels, Marriott Executive Apartments, Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club properties, Vistana properties, and All-Inclusive Resorts. In addition, Suite Night Awards are not redeemable at select Participating Properties. Contact a Customer Engagement Center for individual Participating Property Suite Night Award participation.

B.     40% off Bed. Mattress and Box Spring 40% Discount from Marriott Retail Brands

(1)   Upon the Platinum Elite Member's selection of the Mattress and Box Spring 40% Discount as his/her Platinum Elite Annual Choice Benefit, he/she will receive a promotional code that can be redeemed for 40% off the full retail value valid on any of the below Marriott Retail Brands' mattresses and box springs:

●     The EDITION Bed
●     The Ritz-Carlton Bed
●     The Luxury Collection Bed
●     The St. Regis Bed
●     The W Hotels Bed
●     The JW Marriott Bed
●     The Marriott Bed
●     The Sheraton Bed
●     The Westin Heavenly Bed
●     The Renaissance Bed
●     The Gaylord Hotels Bed
●     The Courtyard Bed
●     The Four Points Bed
●     The Fairfield Bed
 

(2)   The Marriott Retail Brands Mattress and Box Spring 40% Discount promotional code is nonrefundable and nontransferable.

(3)   The promotional code cannot be duplicated or sold and there is no cash value. In the event the Loyalty Program suspects the use or redemption of the promotional code was in error, fraudulent, illegal or in violation of these Marriott Retail Brands Mattress and Box Spring 40% Discount terms and conditions or the Program Rules, the Loyalty Program reserves the right to withhold or deduct the promotional code or corresponding credit. The promotional code may be terminated or modified at any time and without any liability to the Loyalty Program. The promotional code will be used for its intended and lawful purpose and pursuant to these Marriott Brands Mattress and Box Spring 40% Discount terms and conditions and the Program Rules. The promotional code is void where prohibited by law. The promotional code is for a single purchase only.

(4)   The Marriott Retail Brands Mattress and Box Spring 40% Discount promotional code is not combinable with other offers. The Marriott Brands Mattress and Box Spring 40% Discount promotional code is for a single use and is non-transferable. Only the Platinum Elite Member who elected the Marriott Brands Mattress and Box Spring 40% Discount as his/her Platinum Elite Annual Choice Benefit will be able to redeem the Marriott Brands Mattress and Box Spring 40% Discount promotional code.

(5)   To redeem the 40% discount off of a Mattress and Box Spring from any of the Company's Marriott Retail brands, in the United States, call (800) 311-0708, Monday through Friday between 9 a.m. and 10 p.m. ET, and Saturday and Sunday between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. ET; in Europe, Middle East, Africa, call +33 1 41 51 51 53, Monday through Friday between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. CET; in Asia (outside mainland China), Australia, Pacific Islands, call +86 21 6151 4628, Monday through Friday between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. CST; in mainland China, call +86 400 627 6876, Monday through Friday between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. CST. Have the promotional code and the Platinum Elite Member Account Number ready.

(6)   Prior to shipping the applicable merchandise, the Company reserves the right to verify that the person who redeems the Marriott Retail Brands Mattress and Box Spring 40% Discount promotional code is the Member who earned the Platinum Elite Annual Choice Benefit prior to shipping the applicable merchandise.

(7)   Shipping is not included and varies by region. Bed frames are not included and are not subject to the Marriott-Branded Mattress and Box Spring 40% Discount promotional code.

(8)   The Marriott Retail Brands Mattress and Box Spring 40% Discount promotional code is valid through December 31 of the year following the year in which the Annual Choice Benefit was earned.

C.     $100 U.S. Dollar Charity Donation. A Platinum Elite Member who has achieved fifty (50) eligible Elite Night Credits annually and a Titanium Elite Member who has achieved seventy-five (75) eligible Elite Night Credits annually may select the US$100 charity donation as their Annual Choice Benefit and choose from one of the following options:

(1)   Arne M. Sorenson Hospitality Fund - The US$100 donation from the Marriott Bonvoy Loyalty Program to the U.S. Fund for the Arne M. Sorenson Hospitality Fund is not a tax-deductible contribution for qualifying Marriott Bonvoy Elite Members who choose this donation as their Annual Choice Benefit. The Loyalty Program cannot direct or otherwise guarantee how the Arne M. Sorenson Hospitality Fund will spend the US$100 donation. All funds are transferred from the Loyalty Program to the U.S. Fund for the Arne M. Sorenson Hospitality Fund.

(2)    UNICEF, d/b/a 'UNICEF USA' - The US$100 donation from the Marriott Bonvoy Loyalty Program to the U.S. Fund for UNICEF, d/b/a 'UNICEF USA' is not a tax-deductible contribution for qualifying Marriott Bonvoy Elite Members who choose this donation as their Annual Choice Benefit. The Loyalty Program cannot direct or otherwise guarantee how UNICEF USA or UNICEF will spend the US$100 donation. All funds are transferred from the Loyalty Program to the U.S. Fund for UNICEF. UNICEF does not endorse any company, brand, product or service.

(3)   World Wildlife Fund, Inc. - The US$100 donation from the Marriott Bonvoy Loyalty Program to World Wildlife Fund, Inc. is not a tax-deductible contribution for qualifying Marriott Bonvoy Elite Members who choose this donation as their Annual Choice Benefit. The Loyalty Program cannot direct or otherwise guarantee how World Wildlife Fund will spend the US$100 donation. All funds are transferred from the Loyalty Program to the World Wildlife Fund. World Wildlife Fund name and emblem are used with its permission, which in no way constitutes an endorsement, express or implied, of any product, service, company, opinion or political position. WWF and ©1986 Panda Symbol are owned by WWF. All rights reserved.

D.     Gift Elite Status

(1)   A Platinum Elite Member who has achieved fifty (50) eligible Elite Night Credits annually may gift Silver Elite status and a Titanium Elite Member who has achieved seventy-five (75) eligible Elite Night Credits annually may gift Gold Elite status.

(2)   The Gift Elite status benefit may only be provided to a Member who has not yet achieved Elite membership status within the current Eligible Status Year.

(3)   The Account status of the Member to whom an Elite status benefit is gifted will be upgraded within forty-eight (48) hours of receipt of the confirmation of the recipient's selection. Such Member will hold his/her Elite membership for a minimum of a full calendar year. For example, if a Member is given the Silver Elite status benefit during the 2021 Eligible Status Year, the Member will become a Silver Elite member for the remainder of 2021, all of 2022, and January and February of 2023. The Silver Elite Minimum Requirement must be achieved in the subsequent Eligible Calendar Year to remain a Silver Elite member during the calendar year following such subsequent Eligible Status Year or the Member will be downgraded to the subsequent level in March of the calendar year following such subsequent Eligible Status Year. In the above example, this means that in order for the Member to continue having Silver Elite status after February 2023, the Member must achieve the Silver Elite Minimum Requirement during the 2022 Eligible Status Year in order to continue to be a Silver Elite Member after February of the 2023 Eligible Status Year.

(4)   Under no circumstances will the Loyalty Program provide membership details or personal Member information of any Members to the Member providing the gifted status benefit or the recipient of the gifted status benefit in order to facilitate the gifted status benefit.

(5)   If the desired recipient of the gifted status benefit is not currently a Member, the desired recipient must register on marriottbonvoy.com/join before the gifted status benefit can be provided to him/her.

E.     Five Elite Night Credits

(1)   Upon an eligible Platinum Elite Member selecting the Five Elite Night Credits as his/her Annual Choice Benefit, the Platinum Member will have his/her Member Account credited with five (5) bonus Elite Nights which count toward earning Elite status and Lifetime Elite status. Elite Nights and Elite membership status are subject to the Program Rules in section 4.2.b.

(2)   The five (5) Elite Night Credits will be reflected in the Member Account within forty-eight (48) hours of the receipt of the confirmation of the Annual Choice Benefit selection.

(3)   Elite Nights that are awarded to an eligible Platinum Elite Member as the Platinum Elite Member's Annual Choice Benefit will be awarded in the Eligible Status Year for which the Elite Nights were earned, regardless of when the Platinum Elite Member selects the Five Elite Night Credits as his/her Annual Choice Benefit. For the avoidance of doubt, the Eligible Calendar Year in which the Annual Choice Benefit is earned is the Eligible Calendar Year for which the Elite Nights will be credited toward earning Elite membership status.

vii.      Guaranteed Room Type. Guaranteed priority for your requested type of room at the Participating Brands listed below when your qualifying Elite level and specific preference are noted on the reservation for your stay (pillow, room location, extra bed, crib requests, etc. are not included in Guarantee). A Platinum Elite Member or above who makes a reservation on the same day he/she plans to arrive at the property is not eligible to receive the Guaranteed Room Type benefit. Outside of the United States, Canada and Europe: Smoking/non-smoking preferences may also be given priority, based on availability; exact bed sizes may vary, and only Titanium and Ambassador Elite Members will have guaranteed priority for their requested type of bed and room. The Guaranteed Room Type benefit does not cover room upgrades. Guaranteed Room Type is not available at The Ritz-Carlton, St. Regis, EDITION, Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club, Design Hotels and Vistana properties. Guaranteed Room Type is offered at the following brands: The Luxury Collection, W Hotels, JW Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Sheraton, Delta Hotels, Le Méridien, Westin, Autograph Collection, Renaissance Hotels, Tribute Portfolio, Gaylord Hotels, Courtyard, Four Points, SpringHill Suites, Protea Hotels, Fairfield, AC Hotels, Aloft, Moxy, Residence Inn, TownePlace Suites and Element.

viii.      Pursuant to section 4.1.c. Platinum Elite Members and above are eligible to receive the Guaranteed Room Type benefit compensation at any Participating Brand listed above.

A.     If a Participating Property is unable to fulfill this Guaranteed Room Type benefit, Platinum Elite Members and above will be compensated (see below):


GUARANTEED ROOM TYPE

Participating Brands
Guest Compensation*


The Luxury Collection, W Hotels, JW Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Sheraton, Delta Hotels, Le Méridien, Westin, Autograph Collection, Renaissance Hotels, Tribute Portfolio, Gaylord Hotels

U.S. $100


AC Hotels, Courtyard, Four Points, SpringHill Suites, Protea Hotels, Residence Inn

U.S. $50


Fairfield, Aloft, Moxy Hotels, TownePlace Suites, Element

U.S. $25

*Participating Properties outside the United States will pay the equivalent in their local currency.

ix.      Dedicated Elite Support for Platinum Elite Members (United States and Canada only: (800) 228-2100)

 4.3.d. Marriott Bonvoy Titanium Elite Membership Benefits. In addition to all of the benefits Platinum Elite Members receive, Titanium Elite Members and above are eligible to receive the following benefits:

i.      75% Bonus Points. Bonus Points vary by Elite membership level and are calculated based on base Points earned during a stay. Available to Elite Members at all Participating Brands except as otherwise noted in Section 1.2.a.

ii.      48-Hour Guaranteed Availability. Limited to Titanium Elite Member's personal guestroom. Guaranteed room availability for reservations booked at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to arrival and available when a Participating Property is sold out if the room is booked by 3 p.m. local time, forty-eight (48) hours prior to arrival, at all Participating Properties except resort hotels, Marriott Vacation Club Marriott Grand Residence Club, Design Hotels, and Vistana properties. Forty-eight (48) Hour Guaranteed Availability may not be available on certain limited dates (e.g., special events). Enhanced Room Upgrade benefits do not apply. Benefit cannot be used in conjunction with Free Night Award usage or any type of promotional or discounted rates. Member must pay prevailing rate at time of booking and length of stay requirements must be met. For Residence Inn and TownePlace Suites, 48-Hour Guaranteed Availability applies to studio rooms only.

 iii.     75-Night Annual Choice Benefit.  A Titanium Elite Member who has achieved seventy-five (75) Elite Night Credits in a calendar year (“Qualifying Period”) is eligible to receive one (1) additional benefit (a “75-Night Annual Choice Benefit”) from the list of available benefits on choice-benefit.marriott.com and shown below:


Titanium Elite 75-Night Annual Choice Benefit Options:

Five (5) Suite Night Awards

40% off bed

$100 Charity Donation

The gift of Gold Elite status for a friend or family member

Five (5) Elite Night Credits

One (1) Free Night Award

The list of 75-Night Annual Choice Benefits on choice-benefit.marriott.com is subject to change at any time. Once a Titanium Elite Member becomes eligible to receive a 75-Night Annual Choice Benefit, he/she must choose his/her 75-Night Annual Choice Benefit by visiting choice-benefit.marriott.com and selecting one of the 75-Night Annual Choice Benefits. A selection must be made through choice-benefit.marriott.com and may not be made through Member Support. All 75-Night Annual Choice Benefit selections are final and may not be changed after they are made. In the event that an eligible Titanium Elite Member fails to select a 75-Night Annual Choice Benefit by 11:59 p.m. Eastern US Time on January 7th of the year following the applicable Qualifying Period, such Titanium Elite Members will receive five (5) Suite Night Awards as his/her 75-Night Annual Choice Benefit ("Suite Night Awards," individually "Suite Night Award"). The terms & conditions for each 75-Annual Choice Benefit option are listed under section 4.3.c.(vi), except for the following:

A.     One Free Night Award

(1)   The Free Night Award (up to 40,000 Points) must be redeemed for a stay that occurs no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the additional benefit is selected (e.g. if the benefit is selected in 2021, the deadline for redemption is December 31, 2022).

(2)   The Free Night Award will be credited to the Titanium Elite Member's Account within two (2) weeks of the Titanium Elite Member selecting this option as his/her Titanium Elite Annual Choice Benefit. The Free Night Award can be redeemed at any available Participating Property for one (1) night, up to 40,000 Points, for a standard room.

(3)   Members can use their Award while booking an eligible Award Redemption Stay on Marriott Websites or they may call the Customer Engagement Center and mention they wish to use their Free Night Award. Free Night Award is not transferable and may not be redeemed for cash or converted into Points. Any unused Free Night Award will be forfeited. Free Night Award stay(s) and night(s) will count toward earning Elite membership status. Free Night Awards are combinable and may be added to existing paid or Free Night Award stays.

(4)   The Free Night Award includes all applicable taxes; however, the Titanium Elite Member may be responsible for payment of additional mandatory resort fees at Participating Properties where resort fees are applicable.

(5)   Free Night Award redemptions may be canceled pursuant to the standard guarantee and cancellation policies as described in Section 3.2.c.

(6)   An eligible Loyalty Program Member should check his/her Member Account to confirm the expiration date of his/her Free Night Award.

(7)   Any Free Night Award(s) previously awarded to Legacy SPG Program Members as an Annual Choice Benefit which have not yet been redeemed have changed in value and are now valued up to 40,000 Points and will have the same expiration date.

iv.      Dedicated Elite Support for Titanium Elite Members (United States and Canada only: (800) 399-4229)

 4.3.e. Marriott Bonvoy Ambassador Elite Membership Benefits. In addition to all of the benefits Titanium Elite Members receive, Elite Members who reach 100 Qualifying Nights and $14,000 US dollars in qualifying spend in 2021 only (in 2022, the spend requirement will return to $20,000 USD) based on Qualifying Charges earned on Stays in a Qualifying Period (does not include Qualifying Charges made in advance for stays in the year following the Qualifying Period such as for pre-paid stays) are eligible to receive the following benefits:

i.      Ambassador Service. An Ambassador Elite Member is eligible to participate in the ambassador service during an Eligible Status Year and continue through the subsequent calendar year. The ambassador service is a benefit that permits an eligible Member to receive certain additional benefits as further described here.

ii.      Your24. Ambassador Elite Members are eligible to participate in Your24 during the Eligible Status Year and to continue through the subsequent calendar year. Your24 is a benefit that permits an eligible Member to request a specific check-in time for any upcoming stay at any Participating Property. If the requested check-in time is confirmed, the check-out time will be set for the same time on the day of departure.

A.     Your24 benefits may be requested when an eligible Ambassador Elite Member requests a specific check-in time and check-out time for a stay through their ambassador. Your24 benefits may also be requested by an eligible Ambassador Elite Member for an upcoming stay at any time prior to 3 p.m. (local time of the Participating Property) two (2) days prior to arrival for such stay by contacting his/her ambassador. If a request for Your24 benefits is approved, your ambassador will connect with you confirming the check-in and check-out times.

B.     Your24 benefits are subject to availability and may only be requested in connection with a stay.

C.     Your24 benefits are limited to one (1) room per eligible Member per Stay regardless of how many rooms have been reserved.

D.     If the check-in time approved for an Ambassador Elite Member is between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. (local time of the Participating Property) he/she may request the Platinum Elite and above benefit of late checkout.

E.     If the specific room type reserved by an eligible Member is not available upon check-in, the Participating Property will honor the confirmed Your24 request by temporarily providing another room and then moving the applicable guest(s) to the reserved room type once available.

F.     Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club, Design Hotels, Vistana properties, The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach, The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, and Atlantis, Paradise Island, Bahamas do not provide Your24 benefits.           
                          
                        
                        
                                                
                        
                        
                        
                          
                            
                            
                                   5.MARRIOTT BONVOY EVENTS             
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    5.1Marriott Bonvoy Events     5.1.a.  Marriott Bonvoy Events (“Marriott Bonvoy Events”), previously known as “Rewarding Events”, provides Points or Miles to eligible Loyalty Program Members who book and hold qualifying group meetings and events (“Qualifying Events” and individually, “Qualifying Event” or “Event”) at Participating Properties.

5.1.b.  A Loyalty Program Member eligible to participate in Marriott Bonvoy Events (“Eligible Loyalty Program Members” and individually, “Eligible Loyalty Program Member”) includes any Member of the Loyalty Program unless he/she is:

i.      a government employee, official, or anyone acting on behalf of a government agency or department booking an event on behalf of his/her employing entity;

ii.      an employee, or someone acting on behalf of a state-owned or state-controlled entity (“SOE”) booking an event on behalf of his/her employing entity;

iii.      an intermediary booking an event on behalf of a non-U.S. government entity or SOE; or

iv.      at Participating Properties in Asia, Australia & the Pacific Islands, an intermediary booking an event on behalf of any government entity (U.S. or non-U.S.) or SOE.

Government employees, officials, employees of SOEs and those acting on behalf of government agencies, departments and SOEs booking an event on behalf of their employing entity, as well as third-party commercial intermediaries booking on behalf of a non-U.S. governmental entity or SOE are not considered Eligible Loyalty Program Members and are not eligible to participate in Marriott Bonvoy Events.

In addition, for Participating Properties in Asia, Australia & Pacific Islands, intermediaries booking an event on behalf of any government entity (U.S. or non-U.S.) or SOE are not considered Eligible Loyalty Program Members and are not eligible to participate in Marriott Bonvoy Events.

5.1.c.  Individual Memberships.  Only individuals can be enrolled in the Loyalty Program pursuant to Section 1.3.b. of these Program Rules, and only individuals can participate in Marriott Bonvoy Events.  No corporations or organizations can hold a Loyalty Program Account and are thus not eligible to earn Points or Miles with Marriott Bonvoy Events.

5.1.d.  Additional Conditions.  An Eligible Loyalty Program Member must acknowledge that he/she is eligible to earn Points or Miles for any Marriott Bonvoy Events under applicable laws, gift policies and incentive policies.  Members are responsible for complying with their own company or organization policies regarding loyalty programs pursuant to Section 1.7.f. of these Program Rules; however, to the extent such policies are inconsistent with these Program Rules, these Program Rules will govern.  Members are solely responsible for notifying their employers, principals and/or clients of any Points or Miles awarded in connection with Marriott Bonvoy Events.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    5.2Participating Properties     5.2.a.  Participating Brands.  Marriott Bonvoy Events is valid at all Participating Properties (see Section 1.2) at these Participating Brands:  The Ritz-Carlton, St. Regis, EDITION, The Luxury Collection, W Hotels, JW Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Sheraton, Marriott Vacation Club, Delta Hotels, Le Méridien, Westin, Autograph Collection Hotels, Renaissance Hotels, Tribute Portfolio, Gaylord Hotels, Courtyard, Four Points, SpringHill Suites, Protea Hotels, Fairfield by Marriott, AC Hotels, Aloft, Moxy Hotels, and Element.

5.2.b.  Non-Participating Brands.  Marriott Bonvoy Events is not valid at the following brands: Design HotelsTM, Marriott Executive Apartments, Residence Inn, TownePlace Suites, Bulgari Hotels & Resorts, The Ritz-Carlton Reserve, Vistana properties, and Homes & Villas by Marriott International.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    5.3Earning     5.3.a.  Earning Points. Excluding special promotions or incentives, a Member will earn two Points for every one U.S. dollar ($1.00) spent on actualized Qualifying Event charges, up to a maximum of 60,000 Points as the base earning per Qualifying Event.

5.3.b.  Elite Bonusing. Elite Members will earn a bonus on their base earning for Marriott Bonvoy Events, which allows them to earn more than the 60,000 Points base earning maximum as follows:

i.      Silver Elite, 10% bonus, up to 66,000 Points per Qualifying Event

ii.      Gold Elite, 25% bonus, up to 75,000 Points per Qualifying Event

iii.      Platinum Elite, 50% bonus, up to 90,000 Points per Qualifying Event

iv.      Titanium Elite and Ambassador Elite, 75% bonus, up to 105,000 Points per Qualifying Event.

5.3.c.  Earning Miles. Members may also elect to earn one Mile for every one U.S. dollar ($1.00) spent on actualized Qualifying Event charges, up to a maximum of 20,000 Miles (or equivalent currency, depending on the participating airline frequent flyer program partner) per Event, regardless of Elite level.  Points will be awarded or Miles will be submitted to the participating airline frequent flyer program partner within ten (10) business days after the conclusion of the Event provided that the Event is not cancelled, and all other terms and conditions of the group or catering contract executed in connection with the Event were met.  Miles awarded vary by participating frequent flyer airline program partner.  Points and Miles cannot both be earned for the same Event by a Member.

5.3.d.  Elite Night Credit. Members who hold Qualifying Events at Participating Properties receive one (1) Elite Night Credit for every twenty (20) room nights booked and actualized, up to a maximum of twenty (20) Elite Night Credits per contract. The earning of ten (10) Elite Night Credits per calendar year for the first Qualifying Event ended on December 31, 2019.

5.3.e.  Currency Exchange. Points or Miles awarded for Qualifying Events held at Participating Properties in international locations are based on local currency converted to U.S. dollars.  Local currency is converted into U.S. dollars on the day of the Qualifying Event.  Points or Miles are awarded using a published rate of exchange in effect at time of conversion.  This rate will be determined at the Loyalty Program’s sole discretion, based on standard currency conversion methods, but may vary from currency conversion rates used by credit card companies.

5.3.f.  Split Benefits. Points or Miles and Elite Night Credit awarded for Qualifying Events may be split between up to two Members if both are recorded in the Qualifying Event Agreement.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    5.4Qualified Events     5.4.a.  Qualifying Event Agreement. Any Loyalty Program Member may enter into a contract agreement with a Participating Property to hold a Qualifying Event at a Participating Property (“Qualifying Event Agreement”).

5.4.b.  Qualifying Event. A Qualifying Event is an event or meeting that is booked by a Loyalty Program Member who provides his/her Membership Number in the applicable Qualifying Event Agreement and is held at a Participating Property. A Qualifying Event will not include: (a) any booking of guest rooms, regardless of the number of guest rooms, that is booked in any manner other than under an Qualifying Event Agreement, (b) any booking of guest rooms, with or without catering, that do not actualize a minimum of ten (10) guest rooms for at least one (1) night, (c) any booking of guest rooms on behalf of an employer, client or principal that has elected (whether through an agreement with a Participating Property or otherwise) to have Points awarded to another individual or entity, (d) any booking of guest rooms that are complimentary or barter rooms, (e) complimentary meetings or meeting charges, or (f) any event or meeting, or booking of guest rooms by:

i.      a government employee, official, or anyone acting on behalf of a government agency or department booking an event on behalf of his/her employing entity;

ii.      an employee, or someone acting on behalf of a state-owned or state-controlled entity (“SOE”) booking an event on behalf of his/her employing entity;

iii.      an intermediary booking an event on behalf of a non-U.S. government entity or SOE; or

iv.      at Participating Properties in Asia, Australia & the Pacific Islands, an intermediary booking an event on behalf of any government entity (U.S. or non-U.S.) or SOE.

For example, any event or meeting booked by government employees, officials, employees of SOEs and those acting on behalf of government agencies, departments and SOEs booking an event on behalf of their employing entity, as well as third-party commercial intermediaries booking on behalf of a non-U.S. governmental entity or SOE does not qualify as a Qualifying Event.  In addition, for Participating Properties in Asia, Australia & the Pacific Islands, events booked by an intermediary on behalf of any government entity (U.S. or non-U.S.) or SOE do not qualify as a Qualifying Event.

5.4.c.  The Member eligible to earn Points or Miles must be either the main contact recorded on page one of the Qualifying Event Agreement, or the authorized signer of the Qualifying Event Agreement.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    5.5      Qualifying Event Charges     5.5.a.  Qualifying Event Charges. Qualifying Event Charges include food, beverages, meeting room rental, in-house audio visual equipment, and décor ordered by the Participating Property and paid for on a master account.  Guest room rate charges also qualify only when the contract has a minimum of ten (10) guest rooms actualize for at least one (1) night of the Qualifying Event (with or without catering).  Qualified guest room charges earn Points or Miles for the Member whether they are paid for on a master account or paid for by the individual guest in the room.

5.5.b.  Marriott Gift Cards. Where available, meeting charges may be paid for using a Marriott Gift Card. Points redeemed in connection with these partners are subject to the Loyalty Program Rules along with any applicable terms and conditions of the partner pursuant to Section 3.10.a.

5.5.c.  Excluded Event Charges. Excluded Event charges include all taxes, gratuities, resort fees, cancellation fees, attrition charges and service charges.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    5.6All Loyalty Program Rules Apply.     The number of Points or Miles to be awarded shall be determined in accordance with the Loyalty Program Rules in effect at the time of award.           
                          
                        
                        
                                                
                        
                        
                        
                          
                            
                            
                                   6.   MARRIOTT CO-BRAND CREDIT CARDS      The following cards are part of the Marriott International co-brand credit cards portfolio. These cards include Chase, JPMorgan, Mastercard and American Express cards.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    6.1      US Chase Credit Cards     6.1.a.  Marriott Bonvoy Bold Credit Card from Chase
Marriott Bonvoy Bold Credit Card from Chase - Learn More

6.1.b.  Marriott Bonvoy Credit Card from Chase
Marriott Bonvoy Credit Card from Chase - Learn More

6.1.c.  Marriott Bonvoy Business Credit Card from Chase
Marriott Bonvoy Business Credit Card from Chase - Learn More

6.1.d.  Marriott Bonvoy Premier Credit Card from Chase
Marriott Bonvoy Premier Credit Card from Chase - Learn More

6.1.e.  Marriott Bonvoy Premier Plus Business Credit Card from Chase
Marriott Bonvoy Premier Plus Business Credit Card from Chase - Learn More

6.1.f.  Marriott Bonvoy Boundless Credit Card from Chase
Marriott Bonvoy Boundless Credit Card from Chase - Learn More

6.1.g.  The Ritz-Carlton Credit Card from JPMorgan
The Ritz-Carlton Credit Card - Learn More           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    6.2      US American Express Credit Cards     6.2.a. Marriott Bonvoy American Express  Card
Marriott Bonvoy American Express  Card - Learn More

6.2.b. Marriott Bonvoy Business American Express Card
Marriott Bonvoy Business American Express Card - Learn More

6.2.c. Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant American Express Card
Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant American Express Card - Learn More           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    6.3      International Credit Cards     6.3.a.  Marriott Bonvoy American Express Card for residents of Canada

Marriott Bonvoy American Express Card for residents of Canada  Learn More (English)

Marriott Bonvoy American Express Card for residents of Canada  Learn More (French)

6.3.b.  Marriott Bonvoy Business American Express Card for residents of Canada

Marriott Bonvoy Business American Express Card for residents of Canada  Learn More (English)

Marriott Bonvoy Business American Express Card for residents of Canada  Learn More (French)

6.3.c.  Marriott Bonvoy American Express Card for residents of the United Kingdom

Marriott Bonvoy American Express Card for residents of the United Kingdom  Learn More

6.3.d.  The Marriott Rewards Mastercard for residents of the United Kingdom

The Marriott Rewards Mastercard for residents of the United Kingdom  Learn More.
Marriott Rewards Mastercard cardmembers can continue to use their current co-brand credit card under the Legacy Program name until they receive a Marriott Bonvoy credit card.

6.3.e.  The Starwood Preferred Guest Credit Card from American Express for residents of Japan

The Starwood Preferred Guest Credit Card from American Express for residents of Japan  Learn More.
Starwood Preferred Guest Credit Card from American Express cardmembers can continue to use their current co-brand credit card under the Legacy Program name until they receive a Marriott Bonvoy credit card.

6.3.f.  Marriott Bonvoy World Mastercard from Emirates NBD for residents of United Arab Emirates

Marriott Bonvoy World Mastercard from Emirates NBD for residents of United Arab Emirates  Learn More

6.3.g.  Marriott Bonvoy The BEST Shinhan Card for residents of South Korea

Marriott Bonvoy The BEST Shinhan Card for residents of South Korea - Learn More

6.3.h. Marriott Bonvoy The CLASSIC Shinhan Card for residents of South Korea

Marriott Bonvoy The CLASSIC Shinhan Card for residents of South Korea - Learn More

6.3.i.  Marriott Bonvoy Credit Card for residents of Mexico

Marriott Bonvoy Credit Card for residents of Mexico  Learn More (Spanish)

6.3.j.  Marriott Bonvoy Inspire Credit Card for residents of Mexico

Marriott Bonvoy Inspire Credit Card for residents of Mexico  Learn More (Spanish)           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    6.4      Loyalty Program Member Benefits and Exclusions     6.4.a.  Premium Internet Access.  For any co-brand credit card outlined in 6.1, 6.2 and 6.3 that has premium internet access as a benefit, cardholders will receive enhanced in-room internet access where available at Participating Properties worldwide regardless of booking method.

6.4.b.  Premium Internet Access Exclusions.  Refer to section 1.3.c.           
                          
                        
                        
                                                
                        
                        
                        
                          
                            
                            
                                   7.MARRIOTT VACATION CLUB, MARRIOTT GRAND RESIDENCE CLUB, VISTANA SIGNATURE NETWORK, AND VISTANA RESIDENCE NETWORK             
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    7.1    Marriott Vacation Club and Marriott Grand Residence Club     7.1.a Marriott Vacation Club and Marriott Grand Residence Club owners eligible to participate in the Loyalty Program through ownership of a Marriott Vacation Club and/or Marriott Grand Residence Club timeshare interest (collectively, “MVC Owners”) are subject to the Program Rules, and to any additional rules and regulations promulgated by Marriott Ownership Resorts, Inc. and/or Marriott Resorts, Travel Company, Inc. d/b/a MVC Exchange Company or their respective affiliates or subsidiaries (each an “MVC Entity”), as such rules and regulations may be modified from time to time (collectively, “MVC Rules”).

7.1.b MVC Owners who receive Loyalty Program Elite upgrades as part of their owner benefits are subject to the Program Rules, as may be modified from time to time pursuant to section 1.7.c, and to the MVC Rules, including without limitation the following:

i.      MVC Owners who achieve a “Standard” or “Owner” level of membership through their ownership of Marriott Vacation Club and/or Marriott Grand Residence Club timeshare interests, or their enrollment in the Marriott Vacation Club Destinations Exchange Program (“MVC Exchange Program”), and certain other individuals designated by an MVC Entity, may be offered Marriott Bonvoy Gold Elite status, and are not subject to the Gold Elite Minimum Requirement to maintain Gold Elite status every year. MVC Owners who achieve a “Select” or “Executive” level of membership through their ownership of Marriott Vacation Club and/or Marriott Grand Residence Club timeshare interests, or their enrollment in the Marriott Vacation Club Destinations Exchange Program (“MVC Exchange Program”), and certain other individuals designated by an MVC Entity, may be offered Marriott Bonvoy Platinum Elite status, and are not subject to the Platinum Elite Minimum Requirement to maintain Platinum Elite status every year. MVC Owners who achieve a “Presidential” or “Chairman’s Club” level of membership through their ownership of Marriott Vacation Club and/or Marriott Grand Residence Club timeshare interests, or their enrollment in the MVC Exchange Program, and certain other individuals designated by an MVC Entity, may be offered Marriott Bonvoy Titanium Elite status, and are not subject to the Titanium Elite Minimum Requirement to maintain Titanium Elite status every year.

ii.      An MVC Owner will remain his or her Elite status, provided that such MVC Owner: (i) maintains his/her membership level through ownership of Marriott Vacation Club and/or Marriott Grand Residence Club timeshare interests or enrollment in the MVC Exchange Program; (ii) is current in all maintenance fees, MVC Exchange Company dues, fees, taxes, and other payments; and (iii) is current in any other payments owed to any MVC Entity.

iii.      Elite status and any accumulated Points in an MVC Owner’s Loyalty Program Membership Account do not transfer upon sale of their timeshare interest to a third party.

7.1.c Due to the nature of Marriott Vacation Club and Marriott Grand Residence Club properties, the following special conditions apply to their participation in the Loyalty Program:

i.      Members will earn Elite Night Credit for a Qualifying Stay at Marriott Vacation Club and Marriott Grand Residence Club properties, and for stays at Participating Properties as part of the MVC Exchange Program (e.g. City Explorer).

ii.      Members will earn Points or Miles for all Qualifying Charges at Marriott Vacation Club and Marriott Grand Residence Club properties.

iii.      Members do not receive the following benefits (as defined in Section 4) at Marriott Vacation Club or Marriott Grand Residence Club properties: Complimentary Enhanced Room Upgrades, late checkout, Suite Night Awards, Guaranteed Room Type, 48-Hour Guaranteed Availability, Ultimate Reservation Guarantee, or Your24.

iv.      Free Night Awards at Marriott Vacation Club and Marriott Grand Residence Club properties must be booked at least one (1) day in advance of arrival. Marriott Vacation Club and Marriott Grand Residence Club properties either do not participate or do not fully participate in the “No Blackout Dates” benefit at this time.

v.      Instant Redemption Awards are not available at Marriott Vacation Club or Marriott Grand Residence Club properties.

vi.      Points acquired through ownership of an interest at a Marriott Vacation Club or Marriott Grand Residence Club property may not be used to request an Award Redemption Stay reservation at a Marriott Vacation Club, Marriott Grand Residence Club or Vistana property.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    7.2Vistana Signature Network and Vistana Residence Network     7.2.a  Vistana Additional Information.

i.      Vistana Signature Network includes Westin Vacation Club and Sheraton Vacation Club. Vistana Residence Network includes St. Regis Residence Club and Luxury Collection Residence Club. The Vistana Signature Network and the Vistana Residence Network are referred to together as the “Vistana Networks.” Vistana vacation owners (“Vistana Owners”) who are members of the Vistana Signature Network are automatically enrolled as Marriott Bonvoy Gold Elite Members and are not subject to the Gold Elite Minimum Requirement to maintain Gold Elite status every year. Vistana Owners who are members of the Vistana Residence Network, or are Five-Star Elite Members of the Vistana Signature Network, are automatically enrolled as Marriott Bonvoy Platinum Elite Members and are not subject to the Platinum Elite Minimum Requirement to maintain Platinum Elite status every year.

ii.      For Vistana Signature Network, only one (1) Vistana Owner will receive Gold Elite status for each vacation ownership interest purchased, no matter how many individuals are on the deed. For Five-Star Elite Members in the Vistana Signature Network, one (1) Vistana Owner will receive Platinum Elite status, and if more than one individual on the deed, a second Vistana Owner will receive Gold Elite Status.  For Residence Club Members in the Vistana Residence Network, up to two (2) individuals on the deed will receive Platinum Elite Status.

iii.      A Vistana Owner will remain a Gold (or as applicable, Platinum) Elite Member, provided that such Vistana Owner:  (i) maintains his/her membership in the Vistana Networks; (ii) is current in all association maintenance fees, Vistana Network fees, taxes, and other payments; and (iii) is current in any other payments owed to Vistana Signature Experiences, Inc. and any of its affiliates (collectively, “Vistana”).

iv.      Gold (or as applicable, Platinum) Elite status and any accumulated Points in a Vistana Owner’s Loyalty Program Membership Account do not transfer upon sale of the vacation ownership interest to a third party.

v.      Points acquired by a Vistana Owner who converts his/her vacation ownership interest into Points pursuant to Vistana’s Marriott Bonvoy Conversion program may not be redeemed at a Vistana property, Marriott Vacation Club property, or Marriott Grand Residence Club property, unless otherwise permitted.

vi.      Points issued or earned through Vistana, including, without limitation, through tour incentives, purchase incentives, Marriott Bonvoy Conversion, sweepstakes and other giveaway prizes, will expire six (6) years following the date they are deposited into a Member’s account, regardless of Member activity. All such Points, or any portion thereof, which have not been redeemed by their six (6) year expiration period, will be forfeited without notice.

vii.      A Vistana Owner may transfer Points to another Vistana Owner’s Membership Account as long as the two Vistana Owners are listed on the same deed, regardless of whether they reside at the same address.

viii.      A Vistana Owner who is in the Vistana Residence Network or is an Elite Member of the Vistana Signature Network may participate in Vistana’s  Marriott Bonvoy Conversion program annually. Other Vistana Owners may participate in Vistana’s Marriott Bonvoy Conversion program in non-consecutive years, provided, in each case, that the Vistana Owner is in good standing (including, without limitation, meeting all the requirements set forth in Section 7.2.a) and has met all of the terms and conditions of Vistana’s Marriott Bonvoy Conversion program.

7.2.b  Vistana Participating Properties.  Due to the nature of Vistana properties, special conditions apply to their participation in the Loyalty Program as follows:

i.      Members will earn Elite Night Credit for a Qualifying Stay at Vistana properties.

ii.      Members will earn Points or Miles for all Qualifying Charges at Vistana properties.

iii.      Members do not receive the following benefits (as defined in Section 4) at Vistana properties: Complimentary Enhanced Room Upgrades, late checkout, Suite Night Awards, Gift Shop Discount, Guaranteed Room Type, Marriott Bonvoy Events, 48-Hour Guaranteed Availability, Ultimate Reservation Guarantee, or Your24.

iv.      Free Night Awards at Vistana properties must be booked at least one (1) day in advance of arrival.

v.      Instant Redemption Awards are not available at Vistana properties.           
                          
                        
                        
                                                
                        
                        
                        
                          
                            
                            
                                   8. HOMES & VILLAS BY MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL      Due to the nature of the Homes & Villas by Marriott International, the following special conditions apply to their participation in the Loyalty Program:           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    8.1      Earn points     
Members are eligible to receive Points for all completed stays in a home rental (a “Home” or the “Homes”) that are purchased through the website for Homes & Villas by Marriott International (the “Platform”).

To ensure Points are posted to the correct Membership Account, the Membership Number included at time of purchase on the Platform must be correct. Pursuant to Section 9.3, Members must already have a Membership Account or complete the Loyalty Program application (as described in 1.4.a) prior to purchase in order to earn Points through the Platform.

Members will earn five (5) base Points for each U.S. dollar, or the currency equivalent, on all Qualifying Charges incurred and paid for by the Member through the Platform.

Elite bonus Points based on the Member’s achieved Elite Member tier will be awarded on Qualifying Charges pursuant to Section 4.3.

Elite Night Credit will be earned on completed stays booked through the Platform, whether it is paid for or purchased with Points.

Charges that do not qualify for Points include taxes and fees (e.g. late cancellation fee, no-show fee) applied to the Homes booked through the Platform, as well as add-on services purchased (e.g. incremental housekeeping, etc.).

Points will not be given for any associated partners that may be promoted within pre-arrival or in-stay experience.

Points will not be issued on refunded purchases.

Miles cannot be earned on purchases made through the Platform.

For stays purchased through the Platform on behalf of another party, Points will be distributed to and the stay reserved under the Membership Account and name that is entered at time of booking. Only the Member who completes a stay can earn Points and Elite Night Credit on a single purchase order made through the Platform.

Provided that the correct Marriott Bonvoy Membership Account Number is added as part of the booking process, Points will automatically appear in the Member's Account three (3) to six (6) weeks (21  42 days) following the completion of their stay.

Members who use their Marriott Bonvoy co-branded credit card for purchases through the Platform will also receive their bonus Points in their Marriott Bonvoy Account at the same time.

All Loyalty Program Rules apply to purchases made on the Platform.
           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    8.2      Redeem Points     
A Member is eligible to redeem Points for Homes booked through the Platform at a ratio of 166.67 Points for each U.S. dollar purchased (including taxes and fees).

Members have the flexibility to select the amount of cash and the amount of Points to be redeemed as combined payment for a stay in a Home booked through the Platform (“Cash & Points Payment at HVMI”).
There are no fixed amounts of either cash to pay or Points to be redeemed. At least one-thousand (1,000) Points are required for the Cash & Points Payment at HVMI.

Members cannot use more Points than what they currently have in their Membership Account.

Major credit cards and Points are the accepted methods of payment for Cash & Points.

Marriott Gift Cards and Marriott Bonvoy Free Night Awards cannot be used as part of the Cash & Points Payment at HVMI.

Members will earn Points on the cash portion of their Cash & Points Payment at HVMI once the stay is completed. Please note, Cash & Points Payment for Homes & Villas by Marriott International is different from Cash + Points Awards at Participating Properties (see Section 3.4).

Bookings purchased with Points or Cash & Points Payment at HVMI are eligible for earning Elite Night Credit.

Bookings purchased with Points will need to have a minimum three (3) day window from booking to check-in.

If bookings purchased with Points are modified, Points will be reimbursed in accordance with the Home cancellation policy.

The following Award Redemption options are not available for Homes: Free Night Awards, Upgrade Awards, Stay for 5, Pay for 4 Awards, Cash +Points Awards, PointSavers Awards, Suite Night Awards, and Instant Redemption Awards.

Points Advance bookings are not available for Homes.
           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    8.3      Member Benefits     
Gold Elite Members receive one Elite Welcome Gift of 500 Points on a Stay of one or more consecutive nights as described in 2.1.d, even if they check in and check out of the same Participating Property within 24 hours.

Platinum Elite Members and above receive one Elite Welcome Gift of 1,000 Points on a Stay of one or more consecutive nights as described in 2.1.d, even if they check in and check out of the same Participating Property within 24 hours.

All other Elite Member benefits outlined in Section 4 are not available for stays at Homes booked through the Platform.
           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    8.4      Additional Terms     
The Best Rate Guarantee offered by the Company does not apply to purchases made through the Platform.

Member Rates are not available on purchases made through the Platform.

A Member may request credits for Points and/or Elite Night Credit that are not reflected in their Member’s Account after 6 (six) weeks from the completion of their stay by contacting the Homes & Villas by Marriott International team here.
           
                          
                        
                        
                                                
                        
                        
                        
                          
                            
                            
                                   9.ADDITIONAL TERMS OF PARTICIPATION IN THE LOYALTY PROGRAM             
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.1      Monitoring Membership Accounts     The Company reserves the right to monitor the Accounts of all Members, at any time and without notice, for compliance with Program Rules.  The Company may review all Members’ Points, Qualifying Stays, and Qualifying Nights balances and transaction history including, without limitation, requests for Loyalty Program Awards, promotional Awards and other benefits.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.2      Adjustments     A Member may request credits for Points, Miles, or Qualifying Nights for Elite Status (other than Elite Night Credit earned pursuant to Section 4) that are not reflected in a Member’s Account through the Member Account Activity page on the Loyalty Program website under "Report a Missing Stay", or by contacting  Member Support for stays at Participating Properties except for Homes & Villas by Marriott International.

For past stays at Homes & Villas by Marriott International, a Member may request credits for Points and/or Elite Night Credit that are not reflected in their Member’s Account after 6 (six) weeks from the completion of their stay by contacting the Homes & Villas by Marriott International team here.

A Member may request credits for Points/Miles or Qualifying Nights for Elite Status earned in connection with a Qualifying Event that are not reflected in a Member's account by contacting the hotel where the Qualifying Event was held. Such a request must be received within one (1) year of the applicable Qualifying Stay, Qualifying Event or other Qualifying Charge transaction to receive any credit.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.3      New Members     A new Member is eligible to receive Points for Qualifying Charges and for Qualifying Nights for Elite Status for Stays or Qualifying Events at Participating Properties that are incurred and paid for by the Member during the thirty (30) days prior to his/her enrollment in the Loyalty Program (the “Pre-Enrollment Period”), if the Member requests the credit within sixty (60) days of the applicable Qualifying Stay, Qualifying Event, or Qualifying Charge transaction. A new Member will not receive any Points or Qualifying Nights for Elite Status for any Stays or Qualifying Events that occurred prior to the Pre-Enrollment Period, even if he/she was a member under a loyalty program offered by the Company other than the current Loyalty Program, except for Stays and Qualifying Events at Participating Properties that are incurred and paid for during the Pre-Enrollment Period.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.4      Correction of Benefits     At any time and in the Company’s sole discretion (including, without limitation, where a Member was not eligible to earn a specific benefit pursuant to these Program Rules), the Company may correct (i) the amount of Points or the number of Qualifying Nights credited to a Member’s Account, and (ii) any other benefit that has been credited to a Member’s Account, including, without limitation, any Elite Membership Status or Lifetime Elite Membership Status.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.5      Exit of Participating Property     If a Participating Property exits the Loyalty Program for any reason, a Member will not earn Points, Qualifying Nights for Elite Status (including, without limitation, any Points for Qualifying Stays pursuant to Section 2) for stays at such Participating Property, and any Redemption Awards, promotional Awards, other promotions and special offers will no longer be valid after the date on which the Participating Property exited the Loyalty Program, even if the reservation for a stay at the former Participating Property was made prior to that date.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.6      Taxes     Points, Redemption Awards, promotional Awards and other Member benefits may be subject to income or other taxes.  The Member is responsible for paying all such taxes and for making all applicable disclosures to third parties including, without limitation, the party who paid for the transaction from which the Member earned Points.  The Company will not be liable for any tax liability, duty or other charges in connection with the issuance of Points, Redemption Awards, promotional Awards and other Member benefits.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.7      No Warranties or Representations, Express or Implied     The Company makes no warranties or representations, either expressed or implied, with respect to type, quality or fitness of goods or services provided through the Loyalty Program or by Participating Properties.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.8      Operation of the Loyalty Program     The Company sells Points to Participating Properties and partners, redeems Points for cash (including, without limitation, Points received from Participating Properties), airline tickets and merchandise, and administers the Loyalty Program.  The Company promotes the Loyalty Program including, without limitation, by creating and launching marketing campaigns, developing and maintaining the Loyalty Program website and managing partner relationships.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.9      Not Responsible for Acts, Errors, or Omissions     The Company is not responsible for:  (a) any loss or misdirection of, or delay in receiving, any Member application, correspondence, redemption requests, Redemption Awards or Member benefits; (b) theft or unauthorized redemption of Points or Redemption Awards or use of a Redemption Award; (c) any acts or omissions of third parties (including, without limitation, Participating Properties); or (d) any errors published in relation to the Loyalty Program, including, without limitation, any pricing or typographical errors, errors of description, errors regarding Participating Properties, and Loyalty Program affiliates, and errors in the crediting or debiting of Points from Member Accounts.  The Company reserves the right to correct, without notice, any errors.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.10    Interpretation of Loyalty Program Rules     All interpretations of these Loyalty Program Rules regarding membership are at the Company’s sole discretion, and the Company’s decisions will be final.  In the event of any discrepancy between the English version and any translated version of these Program Rules, the English language version will govern.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.11    Trademarks     The Company and Participating Properties are the sole and exclusive owners or licensees of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and copyrighted or copyrightable materials of Marriott International, Inc., its affiliates, and the Participating Properties.  Members shall never, directly or indirectly, interfere with, challenge, file applications for, or claim ownership of these trademarks anywhere in the world.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.12    Waiver     The Company’s waiver of any breach of these Loyalty Program Rules by any Member will not constitute a waiver of any other prior or subsequent breach of these Program Rules.  The Company’s failure to insist upon strict compliance with these Loyalty Program Rules by any Member will not be deemed a waiver of any rights or remedies the Company may have against that or any other Member.  The Company may waive compliance with these Program Rules in its sole discretion and may run promotions from time to time that provide enhanced benefits to select Members.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.13    Limitation of Liability     IN NO EVENT WILL MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC., ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, ITS FRANCHISEES OR LICENSEES, ANY PARTICIPATING PROPERTY, AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, WHICH ARISE OUT OF OR ARE IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE LOYALTY PROGRAM, THESE PROGRAM RULES, OR THE COMPANY’S OPERATION OF THE LOYALTY PROGRAM.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.14    Choice of Law and Venue     Any disputes arising out of or related to the Loyalty Program or these Program Rules will be handled individually without any class action, and will be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland, United States, without regard to its conflicts of law rules.  The exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to the Loyalty Program or the Program Rules may be filed only in the state or federal courts located in the State of Maryland, United States.           
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.15    Subject to Law     Membership in the Loyalty Program and the earning and redeeming of Points are subject to all applicable local laws and regulations.  Membership in the Loyalty Program, Member benefits, Redemption Awards and promotional Awards are offered in good faith; however, they may not be available if prohibited or restricted by applicable law or regulation in the United States or Member’s jurisdiction of residence.  If any part of these Loyalty Program Rules is held to be unlawful or unenforceable, that part will be deemed deleted from these Program Rules in such jurisdiction and the remaining provisions will remain in force, subject to Sections 1.7.c. and 1.7.d.            
                          
                          
                            
                            
                                    9.16    Entire Agreement     The Loyalty Program Rules, together with any other terms and conditions, rules, or regulations incorporated herein or referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between the Company and Members relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any prior understandings or agreements (whether oral or written) regarding the subject matter, and may not be amended or modified except in writing or by making such amendments or modifications available on the Loyalty Program website.           
                          
                        
                        
                                        
                    
                                  
                                      
                                              
                                                              
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                    Top Destinations            Anaheim Hotels      Atlanta Hotels      Baltimore Hotels      Boston Hotels      Cancun Hotels      Charlotte Hotels      Chicago Hotels      Costa Rica Hotels      Dallas Hotels      Las Vegas Hotels      London Hotels      Los Angeles Hotels      Memphis Hotels      Miami Hotels      Myrtle Beach Hotels      New York Hotels      Orlando Hotels      Paris Hotels      Philadelphia Hotels      San Francisco Hotels      St. Louis Hotels      Tampa Hotels      Thailand Hotels      Toronto Hotels      Washington DC Hotels        
                                                              
                                                              
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                    For Guests            Best Rate Guarantee      Room Key      Marriott Bonvoy Moments      Activities      Marriott Insiders      Marriott Bonvoy Traveler      Travel Experiences      Travel Insurance      Shop Marriott      Shop Westin      Gift Cards        
                                                              
                                                              
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                    Our Company            About Marriott      Careers      Travel Professionals      Group Partners      Developers      Affiliates      Investors      News      Bill Marriott's Blog      Anthony Capuano's Blog      Heart of the House        
                                                              
                                                              
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                  
                                                              
                                              
                                      
                                              
                                            
                                                    
                                                              
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                  © 1996  2021  Marriott International, Inc.  All rights reserved. Marriott Proprietary Information     Careers     Terms of Use     Program Terms & Conditions     Privacy Center     Do Not Sell My Personal Information     Digital Accessibility     Site Map     Help