We may change APRs, fees, and other Account terms in the future based on your experience with U.S. Bank National Association and its affiliates as provided under the Cardmember Agreement and applicable law.
The introductory rate does not apply to purchases or cash advances. A balance transfer fee of 3% of each transfer amount ($5 minimum) will apply . We apply your minimum payment to balances with lower APRs first, including promotional APRs. Amounts paid over the minimum payment will be applied in the order of highest to lowest APR balances.
Account must be open and in good standing to earn and redeem rewards and benefits. Upon approval, please refer to your Rewards Program Rules for additional information.
Cash back is redeemed in the form of a statement credit or a deposit made to your U.S. Bank Savings, Checking or Money Market Account based on your designation, or as a U.S. Bank Rewards Card ($20 minimum redemption). You may not redeem Cash back, and you will immediately lose all of your Cash back, if your Account is closed to future transactions (including, but not limited to, due to Program misuse, failure to pay, bankruptcy, or death). Cash rewards expire 36 months after the billing cycle in which they are earned.  
 Net Purchases are purchases minus credits and returns. Cash back is not earned for Advances (including wire transfers, travelers checks, money orders, foreign cash transactions, betting transactions, lottery tickets and ATM disbursements), Convenience Checks, Balance Transfers, and Fees, credit insurance charges, transactions to fund certain prepaid card products, U.S. Mint purchases, or transactions to purchase cash convertible items.One-time $150 bonus will be awarded for redemption when you are approved for a new U.S. Bank Cash+™ Visa Signature® Card and after eligible net purchases totaling $500 or more are made to your account within 90 days from account opening. Net purchases are purchases minus credits and returns.Cash back is not earned for Advances (including wire transfers, travelers checks, money orders, foreign cash transactions, betting transactions, lottery tickets and ATM disbursements), Convenience Checks, Balance Transfers, and Fees, credit insurance charges, transactions to fund certain prepaid card products, U.S. Mint purchases, or transactions to purchase cash convertible items.Please allow 6-8 weeks after you have met the spend requirement for your bonus to be credited to your rewards balance.Existing and previous Cash Rewards accounts do not qualify for this one-time bonus.One-time bonus cash does not apply toward account upgrades. This offer may not be combined with any other bonus offer. Offer is subject to credit approval.
 
 Cardmember must enroll each quarter into categories of their choice, or all net purchases will earn no more than 1% cash back.Categories subject to change quarterly.Transactions qualify for 5% or 2% cash back based on how merchants classify the transaction.As U.S. Bank cannot control how merchants choose to classify transactions, U.S. Bank cannot guarantee a transaction will qualify.Upon approval, full details will be provided in your Cardmember Agreement.
 Certain items, conditions, and exclusions apply. Please refer to your guide to benefits that will be mailed with your new card for further details. 
 	
 
The creditor and issuer of this card is U.S. Bank National Association, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc., and the card is available to United States residents only.
 