We may change APRs, fees, and other Account terms in the future based on your experience with U.S. Bank National Association and its affiliates as provided under the Cardmember Agreement and applicable law. *The 0% introductory APR applies to purchases and is valid for the first 20 billing cycles. The 0% introductory APR applies to balance transfers made within 60 days of account opening and is valid for the first 20 billing cycles. The introductory rate does not apply to cash advances. Thereafter, the APR may vary and as of 5/13/18, the undiscounted variable APR for Purchases and Balance Transfers is 11.49-23.49% based on your creditworthiness. The variable APR for Cash Advances is 25.49%. Cash Advance fee: 4% of each advance amount, $10 minimum. Convenience Check fee: 3% of each check amount, $5 minimum. Cash Equivalent fee: 4% of each cash amount, $20 minimum. Balance Transfer fee: 3% of each transfer amount, $5 minimum. There is a $2 minimum interest charge where interest is due. Annual fee: $0.Foreign Transaction fee: 2% of each foreign purchase transaction or foreign ATM advance transaction in U.S. Dollars. 3% of each foreign purchase transaction or foreign ATM advance transaction in a Foreign Currency. We apply your minimum payment to balances with lower APRs first, including promotional APRs. Amounts paid over the minimum payment will be applied in the order of highest to lowest APR balances.
Cellular Telephone Protection can reimburse eligible U.S. Bank Visa Platinum cardholders for damage to, theft of or involuntary and accidental parting of a cellular wireless telephone. Coverage applies to the primary cell phone line and secondary, additional or supplemental lines. The maximum benefit limit is $600 per occurrence and $1,200 (2 claims) per 12 month period. Cellular Telephone Protection is subject to a $25 deductible per claim. You will receive the replacement value subject to the twenty-five dollar ($25.00) deductible and the benefit maximum. This benefit does not cover cellular telephones that are lost or experience electronic failure or issues. If the cardholder has other insurance that applies, this Protection is supplemental and applies only to the extent the other insurance does not cover. In order for coverage to apply, you must charge your monthly cell phone bill to your eligible U.S. Bank Visa Platinum card in the calendar month before the month in which the incident occurs. Certain terms, conditions and exclusions apply. For complete details please visit usbank.com/cellphoneprotection or refer to your Guide to Benefits.
Free credit score access and Score Simulator through TransUnion’s CreditView™ Dashboard are available to U.S. Bank Online Banking customers only. Free credit score access is not available on the Mobile Banking app. The free VantageScore® credit score by TransUnion® is for educational purposes only and is not used by U.S. Bank to make credit decisions.
Not all payment due dates may be available. Please call the number on the back of your card for further information. 
The creditor and issuer of this card is U.S. Bank National Association, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc., and the card is available to United States residents only.
 