The features, offers and benefits described below are available for U.S. Bank Altitude™ Reserve Visa Infinite Card credit card accounts (each, an “Account”) issued by U.S. Bank National Association (“U.S. Bank,” “we,” “us,” and “our”), subject to license from Visa U.S.A., and are available to individuals (each, a “Cardmember,” “you,” or “your”) to whom a card (a “Card”) was issued that accesses an Account. Eligibility is determined by U.S. Bank; among other criteria, Account must not be closed or past due. These features, offers and benefits are non-transferable and may be changed or discontinued with or without notice. Cardmembers are responsible for payment of all charges (including tax on purchases, where applicable) on the Account, including circumstances when statement credits are provided.  U.S. Bank is not responsible for services provided by third parties. Subject to Account approval, please refer to the Rewards Program Rules, Cardmember Agreement, and other materials received with your new Card for additional information.
            
            Account must be open and in good standing to earn and redeem rewards and benefits. Upon approval, please refer to your Rewards Program Rules for additional information. 
            
              50,000 bonus Points:
One-time 50,000 bonus Points will be awarded when you are approved for a new U.S. Bank Altitude Reserve Visa Infinite Card and eligible Net Purchases totaling $4,500 or more are made to your Account within 90 days after Account opening. Points are earned on eligible Net Purchases. “Net Purchases” are purchases minus credits and returns. Please allow 6–8 weeks for your bonus Points to be credited to your Account. You are eligible to receive one-time bonus Points for each new U.S. Bank Altitude Reserve Visa Infinite account type.  Existing and previous U.S. Bank Altitude Reserve Visa Infinite accounts are not eligible for bonus Points for a similar account type. One-time bonus Points do not apply toward account upgrades. Use of the Card is subject to terms and conditions of the U.S. Bank Altitude Reserve Visa Infinite Cardmember Agreement, which is provided at Account opening and may be amended from time to time. This offer may not be combined with any other bonus offer. 
 
 $325 Annual Travel Credit:
Automatic statement credit(s) totaling up to $325 will be applied to your Account when a Card is used for purchases made directly from airlines, hotels, car rental companies, taxis, limousines, passenger trains and cruise lines.  Credit(s) apply to eligible Net Purchases that post to your Account on a Cardmember-year basis (based on Account opening date).  Only one total credit amount of up to $325 per Cardmember year per Account, regardless of which Card(s) was/were used for the transaction(s).  If eligible purchase is greater than $325, credit will be limited to $325.  Net Purchases during each billing cycle will be calculated for transactions that a merchant classifies as travel (such as purchases made directly with airlines, hotels, car rentals, taxicabs, limousines, passenger trains and cruise line companies) and a corresponding statement credit will be applied to your Account the next time it cycles. “Net Purchases” for a statement period are determined by totaling all applicable new purchases charged to the Account during the billing cycle, then subtracting credits posted to the Account during the billing cycle for returned purchases and/or adjustments. Credit does not apply for transactions posting as Convenience Checks, Balance Transfers, or Advances (including, but not limited to, wire transfers, traveler’s checks, money orders, foreign cash transactions, and ATM disbursements).  U.S. Bank cannot control how merchants choose to classify their business or transactions and reserves the right to determine which purchases are eligible. We reserve the right to adjust or reverse any portion or all of any travel credit for unauthorized purchases or transaction credits.

              Point Earning:
Cardmembers will earn 1 Point for every $1 in eligible Net Purchases. Cardmembers will earn 2 additional Points for every $1 in eligible Net Purchases during each billing cycle for transactions made directly with merchants who classify their business as a travel category transaction (such as purchases made directly with airlines, hotels, car rentals, taxicabs, limousines, passenger trains and cruise line companies), and for transactions using a mobile wallet. “Mobile wallet” is defined as the method of paying for a transaction by use of a mobile device (in-store, in-app or online) and includes ApplePay®, Samsung Pay, Android Pay™, Microsoft Wallet. If the transaction is an eligible mobile wallet transaction and an eligible travel category transaction, additional Points will only be awarded for one of the transaction types (Points will be applied as mobile wallet, not travel). Points are earned on eligible Net Purchases. “Net Purchases” are purchases minus credits and returns. Eligible purchases do not include Convenience Checks, Advances (including, but not limited to, wire transfers, traveler’s checks, money orders, foreign cash transactions, betting transactions, lottery tickets and ATM disbursements), Balance Transfers, Interest Charges and Fees, credit insurance charges, transactions to fund certain prepaid card products, U.S. Mint purchases, or transactions to purchase cash convertible items. U.S. Bank cannot control how merchants choose to classify their business or transactions and reserves the right to determine which Purchases are eligible and in which category.  We reserve the right to adjust the number of Points for Purchases or to stop issuing Points for Purchases on the Account, upon notice to you. Refer to the Cardmember Agreement for more information.


             
              Gogo® Wifi Access: 
Cardmembers enjoy 12 complimentary Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi passes that are valid for 12 months from the date you register your Card for the Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi benefit.  Restrictions apply; registration of eligible Account required prior to flight. Upon approval, log in to the U.S. Bank Altitude Reserve Card Benefit site at usbankaltitude.com for eligibility details, to register and for full terms and conditions. 

              Priority Pass™ Select membership: 
Cardmembers who enroll in the Priority Pass Select program will receive access for 12 months to airport VIP lounges worldwide that participate in the Priority Pass Select program. Enrollment with no membership fee is limited to one Cardmember per Account (including authorized users). Lounge visit fees apply. Log in to the U.S. Bank Altitude Reserve Card Benefit site at usbankaltitude.com for eligibility details, to register, and for full terms and conditions. Cardmembers must accept the Priority Pass Select Conditions of Use which are located at: www.prioritypass.com/en/terms-of-use One Cardmember per Account may be enrolled as the member in the Priority Pass Select program, and their first four visits and four individual accompanying guest visits are waived each Priority Pass Select membership year (not Cardmember year).  Per person lounge visit fees will apply after free visits have been used. After the free visits have been used, the member’s Card will be charged a lounge visit fee of $27 per person per visit for the member and each guest. Lounge benefits, services and facilities differ by location and may only be available at an additional charge.  

              TSA Pre✓® or Global Entry Application Fee Statement Credit 
Cardmembers may receive one (1) statement credit ($85 application fee for TSA Pre✓ or $100 application fee for Global Entry) when the application fee for either program is charged to an eligible Account. Limit one (1) statement credit per every 4 years in connection with the TSA Pre✓ or Global Entry program application fees. Eligible Cardmembers will only receive one statement credit for the first program (either TSA Pre✓ or Global Entry) to which they apply and pay for with their eligible Card regardless of whether they are approved for TSA Pre✓ or Global Entry.  You must use your Card to complete the TSA Pre✓ application or Global Entry application and pay the application fee with your Card. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks after the program application fee is charged to your Card for the statement credit to post to your Account.
Terms, conditions and exclusions apply. For additional details on TSA Pre✓ or Global Entry reimbursement, please refer to usbankaltitude.com. If approved, membership in the TSA Pre✓ or Global Entry program is valid for 5 years without additional charges, subject to the program’s terms and conditions.
TSA Pre✓ is a U.S. Government program, operated by the Transportation Security Administration (TSA).  Visa and U.S. Bank have no control over the program including, but not limited to, application, approval process or enrollment, fees charged by TSA, and no liability with regards to the TSA Pre✓ program. For complete details on the TSA Pre✓ program, including full terms and conditions, go to tsa.gov. 
Global Entry is a U.S. Government program, operated by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP). Visa and U.S. Bank have no control over the program including, but not limited to, application, approval process or enrollment, fees charged by CBP, and no liability with regards to the Global Entry program. For complete details on the Global Entry program, including full terms and conditions, go to globalentry.gov. 

              GroundLink® Black Car Service: 
Cardmembers receive 15% off the base rate for reservations booked and paid with their Card (discount not applicable to taxes and fees such as tolls, parking and wait time).  Upon Card validation, Cardmembers also get a one-time $30 promotional credit that can be applied towards a GroundLink reservation that is booked and paid with that card. Limit 1 promotional credit per Account. 
Cardmembers must register for a GroundLink account at groundlink.com/visainfinite with the Card stored in their GroundLink profile.  GroundLink and Visa reserve the right to cancel any reservation associated with your name, email address or GroundLink account, and close any associated accounts should any booking show signs of fraud, abuse, gaming, misuse or suspicious activity.

                
              
              Silvercar®: 
Cardmembers receive certain benefits when you rent an Audi A4. No blackout dates. Reservations must be 2 days or longer. Offer not valid with any other offer unless stated otherwise. Discounted rate does not include taxes, fees, fuel, or optional coverages. Additional Silvercar promotions may not be used in conjunction with this offer. Visit Silvercar.com for a full list of locations.

  Relais & Châteaux Boutique Luxury Hotels:
Only hotel stays booked at least 72 hours in advance through Visa Infinite Concierge and paid for on your Card are eligible for the VIP welcome and complimentary breakfast.
Complimentary breakfast is valid for a maximum stay of seven (7) consecutive nights and only available at select Relais & Châteaux properties, a list of which can be viewed at www.relaischateaux.com/us/p/visainfinite-us. This offer is only valid when booking Best Available Rate or Public Rate, and is not combinable with other offers. Club 5C members can choose to receive either the standard Club 5C benefits or VIP Welcome and complimentary breakfast. VIP Welcome available at R&C properties bookable through the Relais & Châteaux Central Reservation. Further details and qualifications for Club 5C membership are available at usbankaltitude.com.
To be eligible to apply for accelerated access to the Relais & Châteaux Club 5C program, you must stay a minimum of two (2) nights within a 12-month period at Relais & Châteaux properties, booked through Visa Infinite Concierge and paid for on your Card.
Once you have met your minimum stay requirement for Club 5C status and received your invitation from Relais & Châteaux to join Club 5C, all participation in the program, including membership renewal, will be subject to Relais & Châteaux’s standard membership terms.

  World Class Service:  
Cardmembers are responsible for the payment of any and all charges associated with any goods, services, reservations or bookings purchased or arranged by the Visa Infinite Concierge on Cardmembers' behalf. Any such purchases or arrangements are solely between the Cardmember and the respective merchant, and Visa is not a party to the transaction. All goods and services subject to availability. See full terms of service at visasignatureconcierge.com.

  Real-Time Mobile Redemption:
Redeeming Points for your purchase results in a statement credit that offsets your Card purchases. For transactions which include a gratuity, fees or estimated taxes, the statement credit may not equal your final purchase amount. The credit to your Account statement will be processed within three business days and will appear on your next Account billing statement. Participating categories exclude gas stations, restaurants, and travel. Available only for transactions with U.S. merchants. The Account statement credit for a Real-Time Mobile Rewards redemption will reduce the Account balance, but will not count toward the minimum payment due.
 Standard data and messaging rates apply.  Refer to the Program Rules for more information.

 Protection at Home and Away:
Certain protection is available when you use your Card, including fraud protection, warranty service, rental car insurance, travel insurance benefits and more.  Zero fraud liability is provided for unauthorized transactions; you must notify U.S. Bank promptly of any unauthorized use. Terms, conditions and limitations apply for these features and benefits.  Refer to the Guide to Benefits for more information.

              
            
            
              The creditor and issuer of this card is U.S. Bank National Association, pursuant to a license from 
              Visa U.S.A., Inc, and the card is available to United States residents only.
            
        
           