Skip Navigation: Internet Banking LoginPersonalSmall BusinessCommercial & GovernmentsearchLog InOnline BankingOnline InvestingMortgage AccountTrustNow EssentialsAbout U.S. BankCustomer ServiceLocationsOnline & MobileBanking
Overview
Online Banking
Bill Pay
Mobile Banking
Online Investing
Explore U.S. Bank Digital
Checking & Savings
Checking
Savings & CDs
Debit Card
Student Banking
Credit Cards& Prepaid Cards
Credit Cards
Find My Card Offers
Know Your Credit Card
FlexPerks Credit Cards
Visa Gift Cards
Student Banking
Mortgage& Refinance
Home Loans
Mortgage
Refinance
Mortgage Calculators:
First-Time Home Buyer Help
Find a MortgageLoan Originator
Loans &Lines of Credit
Home Equity
Auto Loans
Boat Loans
RV Loans
Personal Loans & Lines
Investing &Wealth Management
Overview
Products & Services
Your Goals
Wealth Management
Why Invest With UsPersonalCredit CardsTravel Rewards Credit CardsSKYPASS Select Visa Signature® CardFollow Us:SKYPASS Select Visa Signature® CardSee All Credit CardsExclusively for U.S. Bank CustomersTravel Rewards Credit CardsGrocery and Fuel CardsCash Rewards Credit CardsIntro APR Credit CardsRetail Rewards Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsCards for Rebuilding CreditEarn accelerated miles and travel credits while enjoying unparalleled SKYPASS benefits and privileges.
Apply NowDouble miles on airfare, hotel and car rentals,1,2 up to $200 in annual credits,3 $100 off coupon for Korean Air tickets each year4 and other premium benefits.Get unmatched purchasing power and unparalleled SKYPASS benefits with the SKYPASS Select Visa® card.SKYPASS Select Visa Signature Card
Up to $200 annual statement credit on travel purchases3
$100 Off coupon for Korean Air ticket purchase each year4
15,000 Bonus Miles after you spend $1,500 within first 90 days5
10,000 Bonus Miles at renewal after $35,000 in spend annually6
Double Miles on Korean Air ticket purchases1
Double Miles on Airline, Car Rental and Hotel purchase2
Earn 1 Mile for every $1 you spend in eligible net purchases (net purchases are purchases minus credits and returns)
2 KAL Lounge coupons each year7
2 Korean Air In-Flight Duty Free $25 coupons each year8
Global Entry or TSA Pre✓® application fee statement credit9
No foreign transaction fees10
Redeem miles for reward travel and upgrades on Korean Air and SkyTeam partners11
SKYPASS Select Visa card purchases help you reach and maintain Morning Calm Club membership12
No cap on miles you can earn
Trip Cancellation/Trip Interruption Reimbursement13
Trip Delay reimbursement13
Visa Concierge13
No Preset Spending Limit14
Premium Offers15
Special Dining Privileges15
Additional Benefits
 Bilingual automated 24-hour account access
Bilingual customer service available
Worldwide acceptance and easy cash access
Smart chip technology for added security abroad
Zero Fraud Liability16
Fraud Protection
Travel & Emergency Assistance13
Auto Rental Collision Damage Waiver13
Travel Accident Insurance17
Online Banking
Automatic Bill PayView Terms and Conditions
Apply for the SKYPASS Select Visa® cardApply OnlineCall 866-759-7277 ext. 83963Apply for This Credit CardApply OnlineCall 866-759-7277 ext. 83963Online Account AccessLog in to view your statement, pay your credit card bill, set up customized account alerts, view rewards earned and more.Log InCredit Card ResourcesCardmember AgreementsCredit Card FinderCredit WellnessHow Credit Cards WorkLost / Stolen CardsOnline Account AccessPayoff CalculatorRespond to Mail OfferVisa Checkout
We may change APRs, fees and other Account terms in the future based on your experience with U.S. Bank National Association and its affiliates as provided under the Cardmember Agreement and applicablelaw.
Account must be open and in good standing to earn rewards and benefits. Upon approval, please refer to your Cardmember Agreement for additional information.Earn 2 miles for every $1 in qualifying Net Purchases on qualified Korean Air ticket purchases. Net purchases are purchases minus credits and returns. Qualified purchases include Korean Air tickets where Korean Air is the merchant of record on your statement, such as tickets purchased through Korean Air ticket agents or koreanair.com. Your SKYPASS Select Visa Signature® card must be used to make the purchase in order to be eligible for Double Miles. Any cancellations or credits of Korean Air ticket purchases will offset future double miles earned through additional Korean Air ticket purchases. All Double Miles postings are at the discretion of Korean Air. For Double Miles discrepancies, please contact Korean Air Service Center at 1-800-438-5000.Earn 2 Miles for every $1 in qualifying Net Purchases during each billing cycle for transactions made directly with merchants who classify their business as an airline, hotel or car rental company. Miles are earned on qualifying Net Purchases. Net purchases are purchases minus credits and returns. Upon approval, see your Cardmember Agreement for details. U.S. Bank cannot control how merchants choose to classify their business or transactions and reserves the right to determine which Purchases will qualify and in which category. We will not award Miles for Advances, Convenience Checks, Balance Transfers, Interest Charges and Fees, credit insurance charges, or transactions to fund certain prepaid card products.Automatic statement credit(s) totaling up to $200 will be applied to your Account when a SKYPASS Select Visa Signature card is used for purchases made directly from airlines, hotels or car rental companies. Credit(s) apply to eligible Net Purchases that post to your Account on a Cardmember-year basis (based on Account opening date). Only one total credit amount of up to $200 per Cardmember year per Account, regardless of which Card(s) was/were used for the transaction(s). If eligible purchase is greater than $200, credit will be limited to $200. Net Purchases during each billing cycle will be calculated for transactions that a merchant classifies as an airline, hotel or car rental company and a corresponding statement credit will be applied to your Account the next time it cycles. Net purchases are purchases minus credits and returns. U.S. Bank cannot control how merchants choose to classify their business or transactions and reserves the right to determine which purchases will qualify. We reserve the right to adjust or reverse any portion or all of any travel credit for unauthorized purchases or transaction credits.Primary cardmember will receive a $100 discount coupon in cardmember’s SKYPASS account upon SKYPASS Select Visa Signature® card account opening and each anniversary date. Please allow 4-6 weeks for ticket discount coupon to be deposited into your SKYPASS account. Discount applies to qualified Korean Air ticket purchases on koreanair.com made within 90 days from the date the coupon is deposited into cardmember’s SKYPASS account. Coupon applies to Prestige Class and Economy Class base fares, excluding taxes and surcharges. Certain destination and fare types may not be eligible for discount offer. Coupon is valid from Korean Air North American gateways to Asia on Korean Air operated flights with the same outbound (departure route) and inbound (return route) trip itinerary and may not be applied to tickets with stopovers and multi-leg journey. To locate your coupon, (1) log in to your account on koreanair.com by clicking ‘Login’ on the top right side of koreanair.com main page, (2) click ‘My Dashboard’, (3) select ‘My Coupons’ tab, and (4) check your coupon listed under ‘My Promotional Coupons’. To redeem the coupon, (1) log in to account on koreanair.com, (2) click ‘Book a Flight’ from the top menu bar and book your flight, (3) in ‘Payment’ section, click ‘Promotion Coupon’ within ‘Coupon Discount’ and choose your discount coupon and click ‘Apply’, (4) discount coupon amount will be deducted from Base Fare. Discount will be canceled and full fare will be charged if any changes are made after ticket has been issued. Discount may not be applied to award tickets, upgrade awards, tickets which include other airline flights, or tickets that have already been issued. Coupon is non-transferrable, non-refundable and non-endorsable. This discount ticket offer cannot be combined with any other offer. The SKYPASS Select Visa Signature® card Account must be open and in good standing at time the discount is applied. Your SKYPASS Select Visa card must be used to make the ticket purchase in order to use the ticket coupon. Cardmembers must pay annual fee in the month it is due to be eligible for the ticket discount.Spend $1,500 in Net Purchases on your account within the first 90 days of account opening and earn 15,000 Bonus Miles. Net purchases are purchases minus credits and returns. Not all transactions are eligible to earn rewards, such as Advances, Balance Transfers, and Convenience Checks.Upon approval, see your Cardmember Agreement for details. Bonus Miles will be credited to your account 6 to 8 weeks after you have met the spend requirement. Previous accounts closed within the last 12 months will be reopened and no enrollment miles will be awarded.10,000 annual renewal Bonus Miles will be awarded to your SKYPASS account after you spend a minimum of $35,000 in Net Purchases within the anniversary year with your SKYPASS Select Visa Signature® card. Net purchases are purchases minus credits and returns. Not all transactions are eligible to earn rewards, such as Advances, Balance Transfers, and Convenience Checks. Upon approval, see your Cardmember Agreement for details. Earned annual renewal Bonus Miles will be awarded to your SKYPASS account each year within eight to ten weeks of the anniversary of your card’s open date. Annual fee must be paid in the month it is due to be eligible for renewal Bonus Miles credit. The value of these rewards may constitute taxable income to you. You may be issued an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) that reflects the value of such rewards. Please consult your tax advisor, as neither we, nor our affiliates, provide tax advice.Offer valid in conjunction with Korean Air tickets on Korean Air operated flights and cannot be used with tickets issued by other airlines. Korean Air Airport Lounges in Korean Air gateway cities within North America and Seoul (Incheon), Korea only. Lounge Coupon is valid for one (1) lounge use only and must be surrendered upon entering a Korean Air Lounge. To access a Korean Air Lounge in North American Korean Air gateway cities, or to access the KAL Prestige Lounge at Incheon after check-in or en route to the final destination, proceed directly to the Lounge with the Coupon. Each year, the primary cardmember will receive two (2) Lounge Coupons 8 to 10 weeks after your annual fee is paid. Cardmembers must pay annual fee in the month it is due to be eligible for Lounge Coupons.Offer is only eligible for SKYPASS Select Visa Signature® card cardmembers. Please allow 6-8 weeks for delivery of In-flight Duty Free Coupons. Coupons may only be redeemed when purchasing duty free item onboard a Korean Air flight and may not be used or redeemed on online orders or in airports. Coupons are valid until expiration date. Coupons are not transferable and have no cash value, and any unused portion of a coupon will not be refunded in cash or credit or any other manner. Must use SKYPASS Select Visa Signature® card for purchases that exceed coupon dollar value. Each coupon may be redeemed for purchase of $50 and over. Two coupons may be redeemed at once for purchase of $100 and over. Korean Air and U.S. Bank are non-responsible for lost, stolen or damaged coupons. Coupons will not be replaced. Coupon cannot be combined with any other offer. Cardmembers must pay annual fee in the month it is due to be eligible for In-flight Duty Free Coupons.Cardmembers may receive one (1) statement credit ($85 application fee for TSA Pre✓ or $100 application fee for Global Entry) when the application fee for either program is charged to an eligible Account. Limit one (1) statement credit per every 4 years in connection with the TSA Pre✓ or Global Entry program application fees. Eligible Cardmembers will only receive one statement credit for the first program (either TSA Pre✓ or Global Entry) to which they apply and pay for with their eligible Card regardless of whether they are approved for TSA Pre✓ or Global Entry. You must use your Card to complete the TSA Pre✓ application or Global Entry application and pay the application fee with your Card. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks after the program application fee is charged to your Card for the statement credit to post to your Account. Terms, conditions and exclusions apply. If approved, membership in the TSA Pre✓ or Global Entry program is valid for 5 years without additional charges, subject to the program’s terms and conditions. TSA Pre✓ is a U.S. Government program, operated by the Transportation Security Administration (TSA). Visa and U.S. Bank have no control over the program including, but not limited to, application, approval process or enrollment, fees charged by TSA, and no liability with regards to the TSA Pre✓ program. For complete details on the TSA Pre✓ program, including full terms and conditions, go to tsa.gov.Global Entry is a U.S. Government program, operated by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP). Visa and U.S. Bank have no control over the program including, but not limited to, application, approval process or enrollment, fees charged by CBP, and no liability with regards to the Global Entry program. For complete details on the Global Entry program, including full terms and conditions, go to globalentry.gov.Rates, fees, and terms may change. U.S. Bank has the right to change the account terms in accordance with your Cardmember Agreement.Certain restrictions may apply. See www.koreanair.com for details.Morning Calm Club members are entitled to exclusive check-in services, KAL lounge access, priority baggage handling and SkyTeam Elite member status. For more details, visit www.koreanair.com.Certain conditions and exclusions apply. Refer to your SKYPASS Select Visa Signature® Guide to Benefits for more details.The Signature Card provides the benefit of a No Preset Spending Limit and a Revolve Limit that allows you to carry a designated part of your balance from one statement to the next. A No Preset Spending Limit does not mean unlimited spending. Authorizations are provided using information such as account history, credit record, income verification and liquid assets. Certain limitations and restrictions may apply. Please refer to visa.com/signature for program details.Certain limitations and restrictions may apply. Please refer to visa.com/signature for program details.U.S. Bank provides zero fraud liability for unauthorized transactions. Cardholder must notify U.S. Bank promptly of any unauthorized use. Certain conditions and limitations may apply.As a SKYPASS Visa cardmember of U.S. Bank National Association, you, your spouse and unmarried dependent child(ren) will be automatically insured against accidental loss of life, limb, sight, speech or hearing while riding as a passenger in, entering or exiting any licensed Common Carrier, provided the entire cost of the passenger fare(s), less redeemable certificates, vouchers or coupons, has been charged to your SKYPASS Visa Card issued by U.S. Bank National Association. Refer to your SKYPASS Select Visa Signature® Card "Guide to Benefits" for complete terms and conditions.This offer may not be combined with any other enrollment offer. U.S. Bank National Association reserves the right to change card benefits at any time with or without notice. Use of the SKYPASS Select Visa Signature® card is subject to the terms and conditions of the SKYPASS Select Visa Signature® card Cardmember Agreement, which may be amended from time to time.
Convenience checks, ATM disbursements, balance transfers, Quasi-Cash Advances and other cash advances do not earn mileage credit. Quasi-Cash Advances include Wire Transfers, Travelers Checks, Money Orders, Foreign Cash Transactions, Casino Gaming Transactions, Betting Transactions, Lottery Tickets and similar items that Visa U.S.A. Inc. designates.
Important Information about SKYPASS Miles. Korean Air reserves the right to change the SKYPASS program rules, regulations, terms, conditions, travel awards, mileage award levels and special offers, in whole or in part, at any time with or without notice, even though changes may affect the value of the mileage already accumulated. Korean Air may, among other things: (i) withdraw, limit, modify, or cancel any award; (ii) change program mileage levels, conditions of participation, rules for earning, redeeming, retaining or forfeiting mileage credit, or rules for the use of travel awards; (iii) add an unlimited number of blackout dates; or (iv) limit the number of seats available for award travel (including, but not limited to, allocating no seats on certain flights) or otherwise restrict the continued availability of travel awards or special offers. Korean Air reserves the right to terminate the SKYPASS program entirely with six (6) months prior notice. Should a notice regarding termination be provided, further mileage accumulation will not be permitted commencing on the date the SKYPASS program is to terminate.
The creditor and issuer of this card is U.S. Bank National Association pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc., and the card is available to United States residents only.
/* */
© 2018 U.S. Bank National Association.Financial IQ
Careers
FAQ
Privacy
Online Tracking and Advertising
Site Map
CoBrowse
/* */
