Skip Navigation: Internet Banking LoginPersonalSmall BusinessCommercial & GovernmentsearchLog InOnline BankingOnline InvestingMortgage AccountTrustNow EssentialsAbout U.S. BankCustomer ServiceLocationsOnline & MobileBanking
Overview
Online Banking
Bill Pay
Mobile Banking
Online Investing
Explore U.S. Bank Digital
Checking & Savings
Checking
Savings & CDs
Debit Card
Student Banking
Credit Cards& Prepaid Cards
Credit Cards
Find My Card Offers
Know Your Credit Card
FlexPerks Credit Cards
Visa Gift Cards
Student Banking
Mortgage& Refinance
Home Loans
Mortgage
Refinance
Mortgage Calculators:
First-Time Home Buyer Help
Find a MortgageLoan Originator
Loans &Lines of Credit
Home Equity
Auto Loans
Boat Loans
RV Loans
Personal Loans & Lines
Investing &Wealth Management
Overview
Products & Services
Your Goals
Wealth Management
Why Invest With UsPersonalCredit CardsTravel Rewards Credit CardsRadisson Rewards™ Premier Visa Signature® CardFollow Us:Radisson RewardsTM Premier Visa Signature® Card See All Credit CardsExclusively for U.S. Bank CustomersU.S. Bank AltitudeTM Reserve Visa Infinite® CardTravel Rewards Credit CardsU.S. Bank AltitudeTM Reserve Visa Infinite® CardU.S. Bank FlexPerks® Gold American Express® CardU.S. Bank FlexPerks® Travel Rewards Visa Signature® CardU.S. Bank FlexPerks® Select+ American Express® CardAeromexico Visa Signature® CardAeromexico Visa® CardLATAM Visa Signature® CardLATAM Visa® CardRadisson RewardsTM Premier Visa Signature® Card Radisson RewardsTM Visa Signature® CardRadisson RewardsTM Visa® CardSKYPASS Select Visa Signature® CardSKYPASS Visa Signature® CardSkyBlue SKYPASS Visa® CardSKYPASS Visa® Classic CardGrocery and Fuel CardsDillons REWARDS World Mastercard®Fred Meyer Rewards® World Mastercard®Fry's REWARDS World Mastercard®Harris Teeter REWARDS World Mastercard®King Soopers REWARDS World Mastercard®KrogerREWARDS World Mastercard®QFC REWARDS World Mastercard®Ralphs Rewards World Mastercard®Smith's REWARDS World Mastercard®Cash Rewards Credit CardsU.S. Bank Cash 365™ American Express® CardU.S. Bank Cash+™ Visa Signature® CardIntro APR Credit CardsU.S. Bank Cash 365™ American Express® CardU.S. Bank Cash+™ Visa Signature® CardU.S. Bank FlexPerks® Select+ American Express® CardRetail Rewards Credit CardsGymboree® Visa® CardPolaris® Visa® CardREI Co-op Mastercard®Student Credit CardsU.S. Bank Visa® Platinum CardU.S. Bank Cash+™ Visa Signature® CardU.S. Bank Cash 365™ American Express® CardU.S. Bank Secured Visa® CardCards for Rebuilding CreditU.S. Bank Secured Visa® CardAeromexico Visa® Secured CardLATAM Visa® Secured CardSKYPASS Visa® Secured CardEarn up to 9 FREE award nights
Apply NowEarn free stays at more than 1,100 hotels across the globe including the Radisson Collection, Radisson Blu®, Radisson®, Radisson RED, Park Plaza®, Park Inn® by Radisson and Country Inn & Suites® by Radisson. Earn Faster, Stay Longer with your Radisson RewardsTM Premier Visa Signature® Credit Card . The Card will reward you for purchases, starting with up to 85,000 bonus points good for up to 9 free Award Nights worldwide .1Radisson Rewards Premier Visa Signature Credit Card Benefits1
10 points per $1 spent in eligible net purchases at the Radisson Family of Hotels.1
5 points per $1 spent in eligible net purchases everywhere else.1
Up to 85,000 Bonus Points - receive 50,000 points after your first purchase plus 35,000 points once you spend $2,500 in eligible net purchases on your card within the first 90 days.2
40,000 renewal bonus points each year when you renew your card by paying the Annual fee.3
Earn up to 3 free nights! Earn one free e-cert for each $10,000 in spend (up to $30,000), then renew your card by paying the Annual Fee.4
Gold Status upgrade - your Radisson Rewards membership will reflect your Gold status after you activate and use your card.5 
Already reached Gold or Platinum Status? You will receive 15 qualifying nights toward obtaining or maintaining Platinum status after you activate and use your new card.6
No Preset Spending Limit.7
Visa Signature Concierge.8There are two different Radisson Rewards Visa cards: the Radisson Rewards Premier Visa Signature® Card and the Radisson Rewards Platinum Visa® Card. You will first be considered for the Radisson Rewards Premier Visa Signature® Card, the benefits listed above.If you do not qualify for the Radisson Rewards Premier Visa Signature® Card, you will be considered for the Radisson Rewards Platinum Visa® Card which has different terms set forth here and earns 50,000 points after first purchase, plus an additional one-time spend bonus of 10,000 points after spending at least $1,500 in eligible net purchases on the card within the first 90 days of account opening, earns 25,000 points each year upon renewal of the card, earns 6 points per $1 spent on net purchases at Radisson Family of Hotels and 3 points per $1 spent in eligible net purchases everywhere else, and may not offer the same Visa Signature benefits.Additional Benefits
 Zero Fraud Liability9
Travel & Emergency Assistance Services10
Auto Rental Collision Damage Waiver10
Travel Accident Insurance11
Online Banking
Automatic Bill Pay
View Terms and Conditions
Apply for the Radisson RewardsTM Premier Visa Signature® Card Apply OnlineCall 855-340-2676 ext. 33351Apply for This Credit CardApply OnlineCall 855-340-2676 ext. 33351
				if (typeof(lpUnit)=='undefined')	var lpUnit='sales-creditcard';
				if (typeof(lpLanguage)=='undefined')	var lpLanguage='english'; 
				lpAddVars('page','ErrorCounter','0');
				lpAddVars('page','Product','Credit-Cards');
				Online Account AccessLog in to view your statement, pay your credit card bill, set up customized account alerts, view rewards earned and more.Log InCredit Card ResourcesCardmember AgreementsCredit Card FinderCredit WellnessHow Credit Cards WorkLost / Stolen CardsOnline Account AccessPayoff CalculatorRespond to Mail OfferVisa CheckoutWe may change APRs, fees, and other Account terms in the future based on your experience with U.S. Bank National Association and its affiliates as provided under the Cardmember Agreement and applicable law.
U.S. Bank and Radisson Rewards reserve the right to change, modify, restrict, waive, cancel and/or terminate the Card Benefit Program, including the Card Benefit Program rules, or any features, benefits or aspects of the Card Benefit Program at any time without prior notice.
The creditor and issuer of this Card is U.S. Bank National Association, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc.
Rules for the Radisson Rewards Premier Visa Signature Program & Benefits ("Card Benefit Program")
By using your Radisson Rewards Premier Visa Signature credit card account ("Account"), you acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Card Benefit Program rules as published in the Benefit Guide. These Card Benefit Program rules are in addition and subject to additional terms and restrictions as set forth in the Cardmember Agreement ("Agreement") and the Radisson Rewards Program Terms and Conditions. The creditor and issuer of this Card is U.S. Bank National Association ("U.S. Bank," "we," "us," and "our") pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc.
Radisson Rewards Program: The primary Cardmember must be a Radisson Rewards member and the Cardmember's name must match the name on the Radisson Rewards account. A primary Cardmember who is not an existing Radisson Rewards member at the time of Account application will be enrolled in the Radisson Rewards program as part of the Account application. Points from separately enrolled Accounts may not be combined onto one Radisson Rewards account.
Radisson Rewards participation, including the earning and redeeming of points and all other membership benefits and features are subject to the Radisson Rewards Terms and Conditions and privacy policy available at radissonhotels.com/rewards/termsandconditions. Specific benefits and services offered at individual hotels may vary, may not be available at all hotels and are subject to change. Free award nights (with no blackout dates) are for standard rooms only, are subject to availability, and the number of points required vary based on the applicable hotel category for hotel requested.
If there is any abuse of the Card Benefit Program, failure to follow the Card Benefit Program rules, or any misrepresentation by a Cardmember, all point balances, including any points not yet transferred to Radisson Rewards, may be forfeited without liability, no additional points shall accumulate, and any other Card Benefit Program benefits may be immediately discontinued. We reserve the right to approve, deny or revoke participation in the Card Benefit Program to any individual for any reason whatsoever.
Account must be open and in good standing to earn and redeem rewards and benefits. Upon approval, please refer to your Rewards Program Rules for additional information.Earning Points: You will earn 10 points for each dollar ($1 USD) of Eligible Net Purchases on your Account at any participating hotels where “Radisson Collection," “Radisson Blu,” “Radisson,” "Radisson RED," “Park Plaza,” “Park Inn by Radisson” or “Country Inn& Suites by Radisson” appears as part of the merchant identified on your monthly statement.You will receive 5 points for each dollar ($1 USD) of Eligible Net Purchases on your Account elsewhere. U.S. Bank cannot control how merchants choose to classify their business and reserves the right to determine which purchases qualify for earning points. "Net Purchases" means authorized purchases of goods and minus any returns or refunds and does not include Advances (as defined in the Agreement, including wire transfers, traveler’s checks, money orders, foreign cash transactions, betting transactions, lottery tickets and ATM disbursements), Annual Fee, convenience checks, balance transfers, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, overdraft advances, interest charges, fees, credit insurance charges, transactions to fund certain prepaid card products, U.S. Mint purchases, or transactions to purchase cash convertible items.Points earned on Eligible Net Purchases are transferred to your Radisson Rewards account within 6 to 8 weeks after they appear on your billing statement.New Account Bonus: To earn the one-time First Purchase Bonus of 50,000 points, you must first make a purchase with your Radisson Rewards Premier Visa Signature credit card (“Card”) within 90 days after your Account was opened. You may earn an additional one-time Spend Bonus of 35,000 points if you spend at least $2,500in Eligible Net Purchases on your Card within 90 days after your Account was opened. "Net Purchases" means authorized purchases of goods and services minus any returns or refunds, and does not include Advances (as defined in the Agreement, including wire transfers, traveler’s checks, money orders, foreign cash transactions, betting transactions, lottery tickets and ATM disbursements), Annual Fee, convenience checks, balance transfers, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, overdraft advances, interest charges, fees, credit insurance charges, transactions to fund certain prepaid card products, U.S. Mint purchases, or transactions to purchase cash convertible items. Once you qualify for either the First Purchase Bonus or the Spend Bonus (collectively referred to as a “New Account Bonus”), please allow 6 to 8 weeks for the points to appear in your Radisson Rewards account. Neither New Account Bonus is available to applicants who have had this Card, another Radisson Rewards credit card product or a Radisson Rewards credit card within the last 12 months.If your Account is not open for at least 6 months, Radisson Rewards and U.S. Bank reserve the right to deduct the New Account Bonus Points from your Radisson Rewards account.Annual Renewal Bonus: This bonus is only available each year that the annual fee is billed to your account and not if the annual fee has been waived. When you renew your account by making at least the minimum payment by the due date printed on the Account statement on which your annual fee is billed, you will receive a Renewal Bonus of 40,000 points. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks after the payment due date for your Renewal Bonus to appear in your Radisson Rewards account.When you spend $10,000 in eligible Net Purchases, and renew your card by paying the annual fee, you can earn one Radisson RewardsTM Visa® Reward Card Free Night E-Certificate (“E-Cert”). For every additional $10,000 in eligible net spend, you will receive an additional Free Night E-Cert, up to two additional E-Certs given during the 12-month statement cycle period immediately prior to the annual anniversary of the Account opening date.Limit of three free E-Certs per 12-month statement cycle. Net purchases are purchases minus credits and returns. You must maintain a current, valid email address in your Radisson Rewards Account Profile in order to receive your E-Cert(s). Your E-Cert(s) will be available in your Radisson Rewards account approximately 6-8 weeks after payment of the annual renewal fee. Each E-Cert is valid for a new reservation booked on a Radisson Family of Hotels website using the unique E-Cert code provided. Each E-Cert is valid for one night in one standard room, double occupancy, at any Radisson Blu®, Radisson®, Radisson RED, Park Plaza®, Park Inn® by Radisson, or Country Inn & Suites® by Radisson hotel located in the United States. All taxes are included. All incidental charges, such as gratuities, parking, resort fees, room service and room entertainment are excluded. E-Certs expire 12 months from the date of issuance as indicated above and in your Radisson Rewards online account. E-Certs are not valid for existing reservations and may not be used in conjunction with packages, promotions, group, convention or discounted rates, or used in combination with other gift certificates, e-certificates or vouchers. E-Certs are valid only for the issued Account owner, may only be used once, and may not be assigned, transferred, brokered, bartered, sold, posted online or altered in any way. E-Certs have no cash value. Void where prohibited by law. U.S. Bank is not responsible for the E-Cert fulfillment.Complimentary Elite Status: After opening your Account and making a first Net Purchase with the Card, you will qualify for Gold status in the Radisson Rewards Program. Your Gold status will become effective 6 to 8 weeks after the date of the first Net Purchase. You will receive a membership card and information after your Gold status is in effect. You will continue to maintain Gold status so long as your Account remains open and in good standing. Complimentary Gold status earned through the Card Benefit Program does not waive the full number of stays or nights required for Platinum status and you must earn Platinum status in accordance with the Radisson Rewards Program Terms and Conditions to be eligible for higher elite status.Elite Night Credit: If you are already a Gold or Platinum in the Radisson Rewards program at the time that you applied for your Account, you are eligible to earn a one-time credit of 15 nights towards obtaining or maintaining your current Platinum status after opening your Account and your first Net Purchase on the Card (“Elite Night Credit”). Elite Night Credits are eligible for Elite Roll Over Nights the first year following the date of issuance, but will not carry-over thereafter. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks after the date of the first Net Purchase to receive your Elite Night Credit. The Elite Night Credit is not available to applicants who have had this Card or another Radisson Rewards credit card product within the last 12 months.No pre-set spending limit does not mean unlimited spending. Authorizations are provided using information such as account history, credit record, income verification and liquid assets. If card issuer authorizes a transaction that causes you to exceed your revolving credit line, then you must pay, as a part of your monthly minimum amount due, the amount by which your new balance exceeds your credit line.Cardholders are responsible for the cost of any goods or services purchased by the Visa Signature Concierge on cardholders' behalf.U.S. Bank provides zero fraud liability for unauthorized transactions. Cardholder must notify U.S. Bank promptly of any unauthorized use. Certain conditions and limitations may apply.Certain terms, conditions and exclusions apply. Refer to your Visa Guide to Benefits for details.You and your eligible dependents are each covered for Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance whenever the entire cost of travel fares on a common carrier (train, plane, bus, or ship) is charged to your Card. Restrictions and limitations apply. To receive a description of this coverage, please call the number on the back of your Card. 
The creditor and issuer of this card is U.S. Bank National Association, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc.About Us
Careers
Press Releases
Community Relations
Charitable Giving
Environmental Sustainability
Investor/Shareholder Information
Need Help?
Customer Service
Report Fraud
FAQs
Email Us
Accessibility
Manage Accounts
Pay Bills Online
Pay & View Your Mortgage
Pay & View Your Credit Card
Log in to Rewards Center in Online Banking
Online Statements
Account Alerts
Customer Favorites
Activate Your Debit Card
Find Your Routing Number
Order Checks
View CD Rates
 Find Mortgage Help & Repayment Options
Access REO (Bank-Owned) Properties
© 2018 U.S. Bank National Association.Financial IQ
Careers
FAQ
Privacy
Online Tracking and Advertising
Site Map
CoBrowse/* */